"Next time you see an insect, consider that these tiny brains can lead to remarkable computers. And think of the potential that they offer us for the future." 
These inspiring and energizing albums and books will get your creative gears spinning: 
From the intoxicating and euphoric feelings of new love to the pain of heartbreak, there's a lot going on in your brain to drive these feelings: 
How will Millennials and Gen Z spend the world's wallet (a whopping 30 trillion US dollars!) when they inherit it? 

This investor is making the case for funding environmental, social and governance priorities that make our world better: 
Forget buying your kids the “best-rated” toys and games. If you really want to help your child learn and grow — you need to prioritize play time *and* be part of it:  
This artist started a creative revolution and enlisted dozens of schools, libraries, museums and homeowners to drive climate action and awareness of the danger of rising sea levels in his Miami community:  
From micro-internships to expanded candidate screening policies, here are 5 fresh takes on hiring optimal talent or finding a new job: 
Spoiler: Yes! 

And we can even learn about their migration patterns, habitats and milestones: 
Can $1 billion help us remove and store all of the harmful pollution from our air?

Not exactly... but it can create the demand we need to accelerate the solutions that help us move progress forward! Here's how: 
You know that groggy feeling you get after being awoken during a deep stage of sleep — where you're not quite awake or asleep?

Sleepwalking is essentially an extreme and prolonged version of that: 
These are the 4 common challenges of using social media (sigh) and what to do about them: 
You might think the metaverse is all fun and games — but it could also help us work more creatively and collaboratively too! Here's how: 
"If we are flexible and smart and we use technology in the right way, that we'll actually come away a much more evolved and efficient workforce." - Vimeo CEO Anjali Sud, @anjsud 
Have you heard of Indigenous guardians? These trained experts monitor water quality, do research and aim to restore key species based on both Indigenous and Western sciences: 
This climate change lawyer explains why good times for oil and gas companies — are bad times for humanity: 
Love the idea of meditation — but not the *practice* of it? (This spiritual leader feels the same way!)

He shares 3 steps to help you meditate everywhere, anytime with anything: 
@Julianavillam1 @emiliewapnick It always does! 💕
These jobs may have *never* crossed your mind — but they could be the ticket to a solid career: 
Your brain isn't lazy — it's just busy, and probably using a few tricks of its own: 
What if we could help people with disabilities build the necessary skills to get a job, earn a livable income *and* restore their dignity? This online school is doing just that: 
"We want to think they're fine, but they're not fine. The people I met were mangled." 

Find out what happened when a writer was publicly shamed on Twitter:  
Modern science has come a long way in helping people diagnosed with HIV live happy, healthy lives. 

But the stigma often makes them feel alienated or rejected. Here's how we can change that: 
This psychologist breaks down the common myths about social anxiety — and explains how you can be socially courageous: 
@Catalincatel 🫶
We love our #TEDTalksDaily podcast fans!! 

Reply and tell us: What was your favorite episode from 2022?? 👇

#spotifywrapped @spotifypodcasts 
Listening is not only about hearing the words the other person is saying — it's also about letting them feel heard, understood and cared for: 
Want some food for thought while traveling? This special episode of After Hours is dedicated to all things yummy — from the future of Kellogg’s to the explosion of Korean food! 

Be prepared! You will be hungry after listening on @Castbox_fm : 
This singer-songwriter found ambition — and joy! — from finding her voice in this melodic medium. And she shares why finding safe, collaborative and inspiring spaces can transform your potential into personal power: 
Longtime journalist Christiane Amanpour (@amanpour) has covered some of the world's most significant news stories. In this TED Membership event, she shares what she's learned in Iran and Ukraine — and what's missing from the global conversation:  
"Your authentic self, if such a thing exists, is a complex, messy and uncertain self, and that is a very good thing." 
Without the death of stars, there would be *no* life. Take a journey with this  astrophysicist to learn how these tiny particles make up the building blocks of life: 
#DYK: Dehydration can make your brain *shrink*? 

Here's how to avoid that (and other unpleasant side effects) when you don't drink enough H2O: 
"Movember is so much more than a mustache."

Watch Adam Garone's full talk to learn more about #Movember and why he started this important initiative for men's health:  
If you're *always* stressed, you're not doing any favors for your brain and body — but some of these not-so-good changes can be reversed: 
"Bravery is learned, and like anything learned, it just needs to be practiced."

Watch Caroline Paul's full talk here:  
It's not just about what you do — but how you make others *feel*: 
Here's the real reason why your body prefers to poop at home more than when you're in public.

Watch Giulia Ender's full talk here:  
Even though mRNA vaccines are new to the public — researchers have been studying and working with them for decades. Here's what goes into creating an effective vaccine  — from a doctor: 
Forget Guardians of the Galaxy — we need more Guardians of the Earth. 

Here's how one Indigenous scholar aims to restore land stewardship to Native communities to help repair and preserve our precious ecosystems: 
This peace builder shares the 3 tips she used to create unprecedented global collaboration between 2 countries — and shares how you can also use them to help someone in need: 
Questions about crypto? Understand the essentials and why the collapse of the crypto exchange FTX matters. Get answers in this live conversation with crypto journalist @laurashin. RSVP now:  
Yes! AI could help us rethink what we know about our natural world and imagine entirely new ecosystems or creatures. 

It also could help us save some of our most endangered species: 
Social media is ... complicated ...  but it doesn't need to be!

Here's how you can make some of your online experiences less of a battleground: 
It's awkward to tell you this on Twitter, but...: 
Don't let a clash about laundry get in the way of your relationship — divide things up in a way that works for *everyone*: 
"Hope kept me alive —every day I told myself, no matter how hard things got, still, I must live." 
Looking for other ways to follow TED? Get TED ideas delivered straight to your inbox! Learn more and sign up for a TED newsletter here: 
Work is not your family! And it can be freeing to redraw the boundaries between your personal life and your work life:

Watch Gloria Chan Packer's full talk to learn more about how you can:  
It's pretty complicated — but we do know contemporary capitalism is a double-edged sword: 

Can you really put a value on nature? Yes! 

This economist has found a way to calculate and translate that value to help us tackle serious climate issues and preserve our world's ecosystems: 
Just a tweet to let you know that there are plenty of ways to stay connected to TED. We recommend the TED Talks Daily newsletter — which delivers the latest and greatest ideas straight to your inbox. Sign up here: 
Do you have a scout mindset — one that yearns to see the facts and the big picture as clearly as you can? Or do you focus on defending your own beliefs, even when you're wrong?

Watch Julia Galef's full talk to learn more about the scout mindset:  
"When the government collapsed, it was not only the government, it was — the people, full of hopes and dreams."

Watch the full conversation with filmmaker Tamana Ayazi and human rights lawyer Kat Craig here: here: 
When we're cheering for our favorite sports team — we're rooting for the stakes and storylines of the players too. 

Here's why we need to expand those 2 elements for our female athletes, not just the male icons we focus on today: 
"We have to get real and acknowledge what is actually behind some of the busyness that is filling our days."

Watch Dorie Clark's full talk on what we *really* mean when we say we're "too busy":  
Looking for other ways to follow TED? Get TED ideas delivered straight to your inbox! Learn more and sign up for a TED newsletter here: 
How do you speak up about complex global issues like capitalism, white supremacy and the climate crisis?

Actor and activist @FehintiBalogun shares his ideas about how you can make connections and reimagine ways to take action *now*: 
Even if you know it's irrational, you shouldn't beat yourself up about putting something off. There's a scientific reason as to why it helps us cope.. for a little while, at least: 
@Dean_R_Lomax @TEDxManchester @herbkim Congratulations!
"We have to be vigilant in defending the truth against misinformation. With our technologies, with our policies and, perhaps most importantly, with our own individual responsibilities, decisions, behaviors and actions." 

Watch Sinan Aral's full talk here:  
"When everyone is a leader, it allows us to do more and do it better. " 
Hungry to learn more about the connection between what you eat and the planet we call home? Check out this delicious list: 
Imagine not having enough wheat for your favorite bread or pasta dishes because of polluted waterways and lower crop numbers 😰

This new strain of wheat 🌾 could prevent that from ever being a reality: 
You may have heard of "quiet quitting", but is there an alternative? Yes!

It involves having a "good enough" period: 
When you can accurately label your emotions — you're much better at setting goals and making concrete changes: 
About 15% of the global population has some form of  disability — and there's a lot we can do to make the world more inclusive for everyone: 
"I use design as a means to tell stories —stories about joy, stories about triumph, stories about perseverance all throughout the African diaspora."

Walé Oyéjidé shares how his fashion designs (which are in Black Panther) accent African grace and pride:  
#DYK: There are now more than 7,500 types of apples 🍎??  

Some food for thought: 
Limiting our identities to one group or "other" on an application holds us back in more ways than one. Here's why we need to broaden the vibrant color spectrum to more fully represent everyone in society: 
What do you need to know about the protests in Iran? Just ask @amanpour. As chief international anchor at CNN, she has the latest from activists and leaders around the world. Join a conversation on her recent reporting on Iran and the war in Ukraine. RSVP:  
For every soldier killed by an enemy combatant, it's estimated that 21 veterans will commit suicide.

Watch Charles P. Smith's full talk on how we can protect soldiers' mental health:  
Africa contributes only 4% to global pollution — but it experiences some of the worst impacts of the climate crisis.  

Climate activist Vanessa Nakate and Mary Robinson, former president of Ireland, discuss what it will take to move the continent forward: 
Whether you've lost someone you love or are supporting a friend in mourning, here's the messy truth about grief.

Watch Nora McInerny's full talk here:  
@OutrageOptimism @TEDpartners Want some great climate podcast content? We're excited to announce @OutrageOptimism has joined our audio collective! 

Check out the newest episode and follow @TEDCountdown for more climate ideas and solutions!
"People have talent everywhere, and everybody deserves a chance to grow that talent and share it with the world." 
Having some yeast in our body is good for us — but how much is too much?

@DrJenGunter shares what actually causes it — and why you should stay away from detox cleanses and diets: 
Hint: Vitamin D, UV exposure and proximity to the equator are all important factors in what determines a person's skin color: 
"Upping your love game is anything but boring."

Watch Dan Harris (@danbharris)'s full talk on how you can better love yourself *and* other people:   
Through artificial muscles, quieter motors and a new design to make softer bodies, these robots 🤖 can imitate nature and expand what our vision of robot design could be: 
For the next 2 weeks, #COP27 is being held in Egypt to discuss how countries around the world will responsibly address the climate crisis.

Here's what to expect and what it means for our future: 
By creating a "Carbon Budget," Oslo became the world's first pollution-free city *and* was able to improve air quality, increase electric public transportation and more!

And these 5 tips can be used anywhere to create a greener, more sustainable city: 
"There's limited impact that we can have alone and there is infinite impact we can have together." - actress and advocate @Janefonda  
Compared to other democracies, the US has the lowest voter turnout in the world. 

It's partly because of a solvable technology gap and much-needed professional development opportunities: 
Daylight saving time can bring some surprising consequences, like an increase in heart attacks and car accidents! But it happens more frequently during one time shift than the other: 

"Everyone gets frustrated," says Angela Lee Duckworth (@angeladuckw) of @TheCharacterLab. But when you're in an "all-in" frame of mind, setbacks — however painful and discouraging they feel in the moment — are reframed as lessons learned: 
Every vote isn't worth the same amount — here's how the US Electoral College actually works for presidential elections: 
"We do all kinds of things to remain beautiful. Yet we spend surprisingly little time taking care of what matters most — the way our mind functions."

Watch Matthieu Ricard's full talk to learn more about how you can cultivate happiness in your own life:  
We have a dilemma! The world needs to slash carbon pollution by 2050 — and there's a huge debate as to whether or not carbon credits will help *or* hurt us. 

So we asked CEOs, scientists, community leaders (and more) to weigh in on this important topic: 
“There are no draws, no compromises in our battle with true evil. It's win or lose." — chess grandmaster Garry Kasparov (@Kasparov63)

Watch his full talk here:  
Doing things because they are right — not because we will be rewarded or punished! — can be the guide we need to fix our problems. Here's how:  
We* describe this moment in our life, work or career as inspiring and motivating — and We* wish we* could spread more even more ideas!
Plus, Fill in the blank: I describe this moment in my life, work or career as ___ and ___ and I wish I could ___.
If the current path in your life or career isn't feeling right — it's time to make a big change! And Manoush Zomorodi (@manoushz) can help you figure out the next steps. 

Enroll in her TED Course "How to Reimagine Your Career" by 11/21 to get started:  
"The world is now one big small town. But within that virtual town square — there are tiers of relationships, degrees of intimacy — and everyone deserves a different amount of you." - @BryceDHoward

Watch her full talk on social privacy here:  
Our obsession with getting enough sleep might actually be making us more anxious, and less rested! 

@DrJenGunter shares how many 💤s we really need and what to do if you still struggle: 
What’s the secret to living your happiest life? After running the longest scientific study on happiness, @robertwaldinger has answers — and the research to back it up. Join our TED Member event to find out how to get and stay satisfied. RSVP now:  
Spoiler: Having the detective as the "outsider" in the situation brings the reader in *and* helps the story unfold better: 
"We don't get to choose the pace at which people change."

Watch Alexis Nikole Nelson's full talk for 3 tips for helping others go from skeptic to confident on their own food adventures:  
From the light of distant space objects to moons like Triton, here's how @NASA's James Webb Space Telescope 🔭 is giving scientists new answers about how our universe emerged — and what really lies beyond our solar system: ☄️ 
If you need a new perspective on all of the good things in life, try out these 5 "gratitude" challenges (each recommended by TED speakers): 
The deep sea isn't full of spooky, scary monsters after all! Instead, we should see it as the fascinating, wonderful and important place it is: 
Looking for a solution to talk to someone on the other side of the political aisle? 

Put down the verbal weapons and try this: 
Doing these 3 things every Friday can make you feel better and more in control of your life: 

1. Plan your next week
2. Finish work that was pushed off 
3. Combine and cross off all your small tasks 
Reading a lot of books is great! But *how* you read matters too: 
Intelligence isn't only defined by an IQ test. And that's because your brain actually thrives in different areas (like creativity! memory! and learning!) at different points of life: 
"Black people carried the origins of this dance through our DNA, through our blood, through our bones — we made twerking the global cultural phenomenon it has become today." 

Watch Lizzo's full talk to learn the significance and origin story of twerking:  
What if we could use the building blocks of DNA to reimagine how we produce everyday items?

Here's how scientists created a virus-resistant organism to do that 🧬🦠: 
"It doesn't matter whether or not a ghost is real ... the fact that we maybe, kind of, sort of believe a ghost might be real is significant. And we should probably pay attention to it."

Watch now to learn what ghost stories can teach you about yourself:  
Ever wondered why some companies stay above their competitors while others don't? It might be because they think like a gambler 🎲♠️: 
"The internet is showing us what it thinks we want to see — but not necessarily what we need to see."

Watch Eli Pariser's full talk here:  
Want to create memorable and lasting moments with your friends and family at the dinner table? Here are 3 tips you should *always* consider: 
"Reclaiming your language and embracing your culture is a powerful way to be yourself."

Watch Daniel Bögre Udell's full talk now:  
Didn't know we had a @tiktok_us account? Check us out here: 
🎉Exciting News 🎉 TEDToks is a finalist for a @ShortyAwards Impact Award for “Best Use of TikTok!” If you love the way we breakdown big ideas, you could help us receive a special Audience Honor. Vote for TEDToks between now and November 9 here:  
Candy may be sweet, but nothing feeds your curiosity like a TED Membership. 🎃 Give yourself and your loved ones the ultimate treat of exclusive events with your favorite TED Speakers all year-round. Get in the spirit and give today:  
From winning an Oscar to starting her own company, @ReeseW is wildly successful. But even she still struggles with self-doubt. Hear how she’s learned and grown from it on the latest episode of ReThinking with @AdamMGrant. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Starting soon! Watch here:  
We are thrilled to offer part of this year’s #TEDWomen conference FREE on @YouTube! Tune in at 1PM ET to hear from climate justice activist Vanessa Nakate (@vanessa_vash) &amp; Mary Robinson of @TheElders &amp; a special Q&amp;A w/ actor and activist @JaneFonda:  
Spoiler: Sleeping in a hot environment, having too little sleep and experiencing restless leg syndrome can make you more likely to be in this in-between sleep state: 
Chances are you don't share the same politics, religion or identity with everyone you meet. But here's why you could benefit from stepping out of your comfort zone, having a conversation and listening: 
@ecrescia @Vimeo @TEDWomen So good, right?
@CoachBalto We love hearing about big ideas! We recommend searching to see if there's a local @TEDx event near you — or even starting one of your own: 
"Pakistan is drowning, and its people are desperate. We can adapt, mitigate, build resilience — but only if we do it together." 
If you want to live a fuller, happier life, then it's probably best if you start doing it right now: 
Ready to curl up on the couch and binge-watch some feel-good movies? These 9 films flip the script on the cli-fi, climate doom-ism genre with stories of hope and resilience: 
Is it possible that *everyone* is a bit psychopathic? 

Here's why it's so important to pay attention to the complexity and humanity within the gray areas in between: 
These winged wonders 🦇 can be infected with several deadly viruses (at once!) and somehow be ... completely fine. Here's the secret: 
If you ever want to move on from a breakup, you should know there's no explanation that's ever going to feel satisfying. 

Watch Guy Winch's full talk to learn why it's so important to *stop looking* for one:  
Teenagers are more likely to confess to crimes they didn't commit. This psychology professor says there must be reforms in the way kids are treated by a legal system designed for adults.

Watch Lindsay Malloy's full talk here:  
How do we become the best guardians of our planet's future and biodiversity? By listening closely to Indigenous peoples: 
"When it comes to diversity and inclusion, we need bold disruptors who are uncomfortable with the status quo, even if the status quo benefits them." 
What does it take to live beyond 100 years? How much you interact with other people!

Watch Susan Pinker's full talk here:  
This doctor shares the key differences between a food allergy and food intolerance. Plus, how to find a definitive answer for which one it is: 
While the effects of a recession are simple to see, the cause is a little less clear: 
"Exercise is the most transformative thing that you can do for your brain today."

Watch Wendy Suzuki's talk on the brain-boosting powers of exercise:  
#DYK: Video games are the most world's dominant form of entertainment, and it's 3x larger than the entire global film and music industries combined!? 

Watch Noah Raford's full talk to learn why it could be a problem *or* a seed for hope:  
Sure, bats are creepy. 🦇 But they actually tell us a lot about our DNA: 
Yes, good sex can bring connection, stress relief, confidence and fun — but that doesn't mean each partner is climaxing equally. 

Here's why we all need to stop faking it: 
Hint: It's *way* less than 10,000! 
*No one* is a fan of getting ghosted (and we don't mean the kind that goes "boo!") 👻. So let's get to the bottom of why it's so troubling: 
If you're trying to live more sustainably, bigger isn't better: 
Sometimes, the closer you get to total agreement, the *less* reliable the result becomes. Here's why: 
"We reward confidence in some people and we punish confidence in others — and all the while, far too many people are walking around every single day without it."

Watch Brittany Packnett Cunningham's full talk to learn how to crack the code on confidence:  
"Being rich isn't gonna make history. You know how I know? There's 2,668 billionaires on the planet right now. Name them." — comedian Pardis Parker (@pardisparker) 
"Someone who is big and strong and intimidates and insults everyone is not necessarily an alpha male."

Watch Frans de Waal's talk to learn what *actually* constitutes an "alpha male":  
#DYK: There are 4 stages to retirement: 

1. Vacation phase
2. Feeling lost or loss
3. Trial + Error
4. Reinvention

*And* how you can prepare for each one: 
"We need the courage to look this problem in the face and say, 'This is real, and this is all of us."

Watch Nadine Burke Harris's full talk here:  
How do your friends make you feel? According to @DrMarisaGFranco, the power of friendship is key to a healthier life. Discover the best ways to make friends as an adult and what puts the 'forever' in BFF at this live TED Member event. RSVP now:  
While our eyes are powerful tools, sometimes we need a little help — and a different kind of vision: 
Spoiler: It's a little more complicated than you might think.

(Plus, what you *don't* get told about losing weight): 
Turns out your parents' and friends' opinions matter more to you than you think: 
"Let us come together and let us build a world where all young people, all over the world can flourish and thrive."

Watch Tom Osborn's full talk here:  
"Needing accommodation or support does not make a person any less deserving of dignity and respect. This is a matter of justice and equity, not charity." 
Thanks for sharing @kenjeong ! 
Here's how you can get the most out of your everyday conversations: 
Even though ADHD is one of the most researched mental conditions in the world, misconceptions still persist about it — even for people who have it: 
When you stop being a jerk to yourself, you won't be the only one who benefits — *all* of your relationships will too!  

Watch the full talk from Dan Harris (@danbharris) here:  #WorldMentalHealthDay 
Is democracy in danger around the world? Explore the warning signs of tyranny, plus find out what we can do to keep the power with the people, in our next TED Member event with historian and author @TimothyDSnyder. RSVP now:  
If the idea of answering the phone or starting a conversation makes you terrified, this is for you: 

This photographer spent months connecting with native people in remote communities to capture their proudest moments:
 
"So much of life drains us, but fun fills us up."

Watch Catherine Price's full talk to learn why you need playfulness in your everyday life — and how to make it happen:  
Let's not sugarcoat this: Extreme dieting isn't great for anybody's health: 
"Your life isn't just a list of events; you can edit, interpret and retell your story."

Watch Emily Esfahani Smith's full talk here:  
This speaker's research has shown that climate action could set back gender equality by 15 years (!) — but here's how she says we could save the world *and* benefit everyone: 
News flash: We all do a lousy job at predicting who we'll be *and* what we'll want 20 or 30 years down the road. 

But here's how we can make better choices for our future: 
"Don't let your small failures make you lose sight of your bigger picture."

Watch @Cordae's full talk on becoming the best "you" possible:  
And the reasons why the Earth has it just right: 
Why do you love your favorite food so much? You can thank your mouth *and* your nose! 
During the Salvadoran Civil War, this underground radio station evaded the dictatorship by using secret telephone lines — and brought hope to farmers around the country: 
"Every child deserves a champion, an adult who will never give up on them."

Watch Rita Pierson's full talk on the power of teachers:  
This African conservationist says, "Ask the difficult questions, and always wonder: Are we working *for* communities or *with* communities?" 

Learn the difference here: 
These are the important signs of unhealthy love that you should be watching out for:  
P.S.: It's all about finding bite-sized opportunities in your day to genuinely connect with others: 
"Confidence is a concept you can choose. I've come to realize that authenticity is necessary, and it's powerful."

Watch Daniel Lismore's full talk here:  
Want your kids to grow into adults who can step up and seize the opportunities that life has to offer? 

These 5 tips will show you how: 
You know that person in your life who *never* apologizes? There's a good chance their ego is getting in the way: 
Praying mantises could easily be characters in a sci-fi novel. But even those who are afraid of insects could fall under the spell of these tiny, magical creatures: 
Changes in a particular region of the brain — the ventral striatum — might explain why teens are so obsessed with being together all the time: 
Museums are *amazing* resources — but unfortunately, they're not reaching everyone. 

Watch Amanda Schochet's full talk to learn how tiny science museums can transform public spaces and neighborhoods, making scientific knowledge way more accessible:  
This equitable housing developer made a plan for revitalizing neighborhoods experiencing hyper-vacancy, without gentrification. These are the results:  
#DYK: We have 22 incredible podcasts!? From what makes great thinkers tick to the latest ideas in business, technology and more — we have everything your curious mind wants to know! Listen 🎧 to the TED Audio Collective today:  #InternationalPodcastDay
What does it take to live beyond 100 years? 

These are the surprising predictors of a long, healthy life:  
This online platform gives LGBTQIA+ people in Africa access to the opportunities, mentorship and support they need to thrive and feel safe: 
This is your brain on sugar. 
"We've been speaking so much lately about the flaws of technologies, but for people with paralysis, this is a return to life."

Watch Tom Oxley's full talk here to learn more about this ground-breaking device that turns thoughts into text:  
Here's how to keep the walls between work and your personal life steady *and* protect your mental health: 
People who lie tend to use these 4 speech patterns. Here's how to spot them: 
Think AI is only reserved for big companies who can afford the team for it? Think again.

Small businesses can benefit too: 
Here's why straight women are having less satisfying sex than men — and what can we do about it: 
Here's how 3D printing could solve how we build structures on Mars — and how we could solve some of the problems on Earth today: 
"These things aren't joyful for just a few people; they're joyful for nearly everyone. They're universally joyful."

Watch Ingrid Fetell Lee's full talk here:  
"Fear is not what is going to motivate us for the long-term, sustained change we need to fix this thing. What we need...is rational hope."

Watch Katharine Hayhoe's full talk to learn how envisioning a better future can carry us through the climate crisis:  
Spoiler: It's complicated!

But we know the ingredients that will cause severe storms to increase: 
Has your to-do list become a to-don’t list? Finding the drive doesn’t have to be like waiting for lightning to strike. ⚡ Join a TED Member event with social psychologist @ayeletfishbach as she offers scientific advice on how to get motivated. RSVP now:  
If you've ever reached for alcohol or THC for help falling asleep and realized it didn't actually make a difference — this is for you: 
Getting a flu shot isn't just about protecting *yourself* from illness — you're also protecting your community, including those who are at risk of serious complications: 
While it may sound contradictory, American Sign Language is very similar to playing music on a piano — only in its own special way!

Get an introduction from Christine Sun Kim:  #IDSL 
Traditional medical knowledge teaches us that cancer and heart disease are unrelated — but what if that's not true?

Here's why this cardiologist says we need to pay closer attention to their genetic connection: 
Is the pandemic over? Not exactly, says Dr. Fauci. Here he weighs in on the US's progress, what you should still do for your health and safety, and his hope for the future of science.

Watch the full TED Membership conversation now: 
It may not sound like a traditional company, but it's yielding all the great results of one — and they're not a new concept either: 
What if we saw low-status communities as companies in need of a refresh? Here's why we need to take a restorative approach to revitalize our neighborhoods and invest with our time, energy and brains: 
What scares you? Free solo rock climber @AlexHonnold is no stranger to facing and managing fear. 🧗‍♂️ Whether you’re ascending a cliff or your career, find out what he says about fearlessly setting goals in ReThinking with @AdamMGrant. Listen on @Spotify:  
#DYK: Termites can create a tunnel system stretching more than 100 meters (~328 feet) long?!? And the queen can live for 20 years? 
Climate change doesn't only affect the environment — it can also do significant damage to our mental health 😰.

Watch Dr. Britt Wray's full talk here:  
No, you don't have to donate all of the profits of your company to a certain cause (though we love to see it!) — you can start small, with your own community: 
Stay tuned for the full TED Membership conversation between Dr Fauci and TED science curator David Biello — coming later this week!
Is the pandemic *really* over in the US? 🤔 Here’s what Dr. Anthony Fauci said in today’s TED Membership discussion with TED science curator @DBiello. 
It's normal to forget where you placed your keys — but forgetting a simple process (like how to make coffee) would signal a much bigger problem: 
Do you think nuclear = bad? We get it — but this nuclear energy influencer says we've been taught about it all wrong: 
Tip 4: Listen to the newest episode of ReThinking with @AdamMGrant to hear entrepreneur @mcuban’s full advice on how to seize the best business opportunities and make a slam dunk for your career. Check it out now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Know someone who would love to attend? Share this event with them to build a more informed future together.
When is the pandemic over? Join Dr. Anthony Fauci, who has advised 7 US presidents on major health issues, and TED science curator @dbiello for an exclusive conversation on COVID, monkeypox and what’s to come. Don’t miss out! RSVP now:  
These clothing items may never end up in your closet — but they sure look good in a profile pic: 
"We can't save the world by playing by the rules, because the rules have to be changed. Everything needs to change, and it has to start today."

Watch @GretaThunberg's full talk here:  
"If all of us ate half as much meat, it would be like half of us are vegetarians."

Watch Graham Hill's full talk for more perks of going vegetarian on weekdays:  
This group is on a mission to better understand aging. But their goal isn't just about enabling humans to live to 200 — it's about helping people stay healthy for as long as possible. 
Once weak and pimply, the Aztec god Nanahuatl made bold sacrifices to create a new world: 
#DYK: Plant-based diets can save water and land — and they’re healthier! 

And there are all kinds of options to choose from: 
How you move through the world can bring you joy and creativity — so let life be an inspiration to you: 
"I twerk because it’s unique to the Black experience. It’s unique to my culture, and it means something real to me."

Watch @Lizzo's full talk here:  
Do you want to give a TED Talk? This could be your chance! Applications are open to anyone living in Southeast Asia or of Southeast Asian descent. The deadline for submissions is September 30, 2022. Learn more:  
Are you searching for new ideas? Reconnect with your inner child: 
Spoiler: It hits us harder where we are the most vulnerable... but it's also the best sign to let go: 
How can you create a workplace where every voice has the chance to make a difference? This leadership expert shares 4 things employees want leaders to know about being an advocate: 
"Gardening is the most therapeutic and defiant act you can do, especially in the inner city. Plus you get strawberries."

Watch Ron Finely's full talk on why he plants vegetable gardens in unexpected areas:  
You're on the internet right now — but have you ever wondered how it *actually* works? 
What if Star Wars could inspire the next generation of bionic limbs? 🦾🦿It already did - and it's made using 3D-printing *and* recyclable materials!!: 
Great minds think alike — or do they? Find out in our new podcast series, ReThinking with @AdamMGrant, featuring some of the world’s most fascinating minds! Listen to the first episode featuring @mcuban now on @spotifypodcasts:  
If you've had those "Why did I walk into this room?" moments, this is for you: 
"We can stop mass surveillance if we change the problem we're trying to fix. [By] shifting our focus from how companies collect our data to how governments abuse it." 
What’s next for COVID and monkeypox? Dr. Anthony Fauci — one of the world’s most cited biomedical scientists — joins TED science curator @dbiello to discuss what we can expect for the future in a special conversation just for TED Members. RSVP now: 
"There is beauty in the simple moments that life has to offer." 

Watch Jason Rosenthal's full talk on how to start fresh after heartache:  
We can't address the hardships of social media with individual resilience alone. It starts with treating each other *a lot* better: 
1. Asking for help is *not* a sign of weakness … 
It isn't just the year-round breeding that allowed these feathery high fliers to rise to world domination:  
 
"If we put our minds together and our resources together, and we openly talk about this, and try to find solutions for this epidemic ... hopefully we can save a life." 

Watch Charles Smith's full talk to learn more prioritizing mental health:  
The metaverse doesn't only exist in the digital world — this artist shares how the art we create online can actually become part of the *physical* world: 
Can we put an end — or at least lessen the damage caused by these extreme and regularly occurring wildfires? Yes, and our best bet may be fighting fire with fire 🔥.

Watch Paul Hessburg's full talk here:  
Move over fossil fuels, the next generation of clean (and cheap!) energy is here and it's taking 95% of carbon pollution out of Earth's atmosphere. 

Meet green hydrogen: 
Nobody:
Us: Adding that you care about the environment on your dating profile will increase your chances of a love connection, honestly: 
What if you could create or cover a song — using someone else's voice!? 🎤

This technology does all that and more: 
This is your reminder to embrace your superfan self — whether it's for a musical performer, a TV show or even a football team. 

Watch Yve Blake's full talk on sharing your enthusiasm and passions IRL:  
If you're a fan of The Lord of the Rings, you'll love this Greek legend of an all-powerful ring and its consequences: 
Fun fact: This ancient reptile was 10 meters (or 32 feet) long, roamed the seas during the Jurassic era and its birthplace is in the UK:  
Actually, boys *do* want to read books written for and about girls! It's stereotypes from adults that stop them: 
What kind of future do you want to live in? Hear from leaders who are reimagining what’s next for our workplaces, the arts, human rights organizations and more. Watch talks and performances from these changemakers at the TED Bezos Scholar Salon. RSVP now: 
"Babies have always represented humanity's best, boldest, most beautiful infinite possibilities."

Watch Wajahat Ali's full talk on the case for having more kids:  
"The only reason I am who I am is because of my losses, and some of them are extremely painful, but I wouldn't take any of them away." — @serenawilliams 
It might feel awkward, but it’s totally possible to lighten up your work emails without wading into unprofessional territory: 
Enough with the taboo! What if we taught our sons and daughters about pleasure and desire, consent and boundaries at a young age?

Watch the full TED Talk to learn why it's important to educate young people to be more in touch with how they feel:  
These are the secrets behind a truly mind-boggling phenomenon: 
Becoming the life of the party is a lot simpler than you think: 
"Weirdos trying stuff and sometimes being allowed to fail at it are our best hope as a species." - journalist Katherine Mangu-Ward (@kmanguward) 
"Every single night, as soon as the rainforest is covered by darkness, a new world emerges, bursting with life." - @projetomantis 
This is why fake news spreads faster than the truth — and what we can do to try to stop it.  
@thegothbae @SamsungTV Thanks for watching!
This sex ed teacher put an old shoe box in the back of his classroom for students to drop in questions anonymously.

Here are a few of them: 
This is the truth about undiagnosed pain — and what doctors can do to better understand (and treat) those who experience it: 
How does this beatboxer make such wild sounds? We stuck a camera down his throat to find out.

Watch Tom Thum and Matthew Broadhurst's full talk here:  
1 in 7 people experience unexplained ringing, buzzing, hissing or clicking sounds. Here's what causes the mysterious sensation: 
#DYK: 4 out of 5 children in the US school system come from a home where English isn't the first language?  And how do we help them succeed?

With 2 things: their family and a mobile phone: 
No great relationship can thrive without a foundation of mutual trust and connection: 
What sparks your curiosity? From exploring the future of our health with Dr. Fauci to understanding how your dog’s mind works with a canine expert, there’s something for everyone with a TED membership. RSVP today to access these unique events: 
Could electricity help us shift away from our dependence on fossil fuels to make everyday items? Yes!

This is how it could help decarbonize our economy: 
"Breaking the rules... asking why, why not? It does something to us. And it makes space for magic to sneak in."

Watch Christina Tosi's full talk on how breaking boundaries brings the sweetest rewards:  
#DYK: 80% of life's most defining moments happen by the time you're 35!

Watch Meg Jay's full talk to learn why it's important to get the absolute most out of your twenties:  
Calling all procrastinators: You're not delaying tasks because you're lazy — it's because you're trying to avoid negative emotions 😬: 
#DYK: Between 3% and 23% of people are hangover-resistant? 

But for the remaining 77% of us — you might want to know this:  
Let's talk about mitochondrial DNA:  
What’s up with your pup? 🐶 Canine expert Alexandra Horowitz (@DogUmwelt) is here to share the secret thoughts of dogs in a TED Member event. Find out what they’re thinking and how to build better relationships with your four-legged friends. RSVP now:  
Life is full of joyful surprises — like 🌈🍦✨! —  but it doesn't only have to be a surprise. You can *create* joy too!  
Insulin is an essential medication to control blood sugar for people who live with type 1 diabetes —but its high prices are a problem for those who need this life-saving medicine: 
If you've ever wondered how all of those apps can pinpoint *exactly* where you are, watch this: 
There's a new art movement in the Windy City, and you're invited ✉️! On this episode of Far Flung, we go to Chicago to learn about the power of place-based art. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Remember: It's the first step to achieving bigger goals in the future: 
What if we could recreate circuits of the human brain and treat disorders like autism and epilepsy? We totally can, says neuroscientist @Sergiu_P_Pasca! 

This breakthrough science is opening a new era in the treatment of brain disease: 
"It is our duty to speak truth to power, to be the domino, not just when it's difficult."

Watch Luvvie Ajayi Jones's full talk here:  
Whether you have a uterus or not — you should know this essential information: 
Humanity needs a reboot. 💻

And "alternative intelligence" — where human and machine intelligence merge — is the way to go: 
All it takes is one simple question: How is your day going?: 
Many people already think that the metaverse will soon inherit the Internet's worst traits. But video game lawyer @whoisgallifrey says we have the chance to fix it *now*: 
"Grit is passion and perseverance for very long-term goals."

Watch Angela Lee Duckworth's full talk here:  
For today's edition of armchair travel — explore the otherworldly beauty of the night sky: 
"Staying calm and performing at your best when you know that any mistake could mean death requires a certain kind of mindset."

Watch the full talk to learn how rock climber Alex Honnold climbed Yosemite's 3,000 foot high El Capitan *twice* without a rope:  
Spoiler: It looks like soy might be the most versatile ingredient around: 
Desperate to fill any and every awkward silence? Those little pauses in conversation are *actually* pretty important: 
From the moment these gorgeous floating, squid-like robots enter the room — it'll make you question what you believe about the compatibility between humans and machines: 
"What we [feel] is compassion... for someone you've never even met. That's the power of human connection."

Watch @Platon's full talk here: 
#WorldPhotographyDay 
How can we help everyone live in the pollution- and hazard-free environment that they deserve? By working with those most affected and engaging them in environmental decision-making! 

And that's only the beginning: 
Are you an ideas person? So are we. With a TED Membership, you can share the ideas that matter most to you with a global community of people who turn online conversations into offline action. Change the world with us. Get started today:  
You may think of clutter as the pile of papers on your desk or clothing crammed in a corner — but it can also take space in your mind: 
Having trouble falling or staying asleep? This might be why: 
This simple sound could be the key to helping you get more regenerative, deep sleep.

Watch Dan Gartenberg's full talk here:  
There's a good reason why your mother told you to not stay in a wet bathing suit too long 👙: 
Did you know: There is twice as much plastic on Earth as there are living organisms?!  🤯

That's not just a waste and pollution problem — it's a climate problem: 
You don't have to be extroverted to be a "fun person" — seriously!!

Here's what actually matters: 
Has your mind gone totally blank during a major exam or presentation? Here's why that happens — and what you can do about it: 
"We have got to stop forcing people to choose between parenting and doing the work that they love."

Watch Allyson Felix's full talk here:  
Anxiety: friend or foe? 😰 You’re not alone in wanting to avoid feelings of dread, but what if you embrace them? @LDamour teaches us how to confront, befriend, and grow from our anxiety in this live conversation just for TED Members. RSVP today: 
If you're on the fence about deleting your accounts, watch this: 
Knowing more than 1 language may not make you "smarter" — but it does give your brain some remarkable advantages: 
She emerged from an all-encompassing darkness and the world blossomed anew: 

A peek into the stunning cultures, crafts, and landscapes of Pakistan: 
"Without fear, we'll do foolish things. And without courage, we'll never step into the unknown." 
In urging girls to be cautious, we're actually raising them to be fearful.

Watch Caroline Paul's full talk to learn how we can change that:  
Calling all workaholics: 
Desperate for a cat nap? A few tips to keep in mind: 
Fireflies connect us to the beauty and wonder of the natural world. They also are kinda kinky when they get it on: 
 
Hint: It involves prime numbers: 
"No one else will save the future for us. This is more than an invitation."

Watch Luisa Neubauer's full talk here: 
#InternationalYouthDay 
It's hard for us to know what is going to happen in the short- or long-term future. Here's how you can cope when life feels out of your control: 
Wondering what path you're meant to be on? It's never too late to find out!

These 3 questions can help you become your most authentic self:  
The best way to get kids interested in STEM isn't by reading textbooks — it's through their stomachs!

Here's how your recipes can teach them about ideas like fractions and energy: 
Do you feel calm while listening to Bob Ross's voice or watching people cut soap?

This is the science behind it: 
Plus, whether they *really* understand what they're saying: 
Here's how you can break the cycle of self-doubt: 
It may *sound* like a lot but spending 2% of global GDP to save humanity is *kind of* worth it: 
Dive deeper into the mind of an incredible, disappearing octopus, squid and other aquatic creatures 🐙!

Watch Roger Hanlon's full talk here:  
If pinching your arm doesn't work, this is how you can tell if you're actually awake: 
We cover all the potential impacts of these industries — and more! — in this special episode of the TED Interview with @demishassabis. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts: 
Yes, your kids love playing video games — but did you realize they are also building skills that can help them IRL!?  

Here's how the metaverse could be a good thing: 
Here's why one of our most attractive traits is a strong immune system: 
This sex-ed teacher put an old shoe box in the back of his classroom for students to drop in questions anonymously.

Here are a few of them: 
From speaking about what it's like to be a mother to the thrill of competition, there's many reasons why @serenawilliams will always be a GOAT: 
Thanks for sharing @StellaMcCartney! 🍄 You can watch Dan Widmaier's fascinating full TED Talk here:  
A whopping 92% of American adults have had cavities. Here's how you can avoid these pesky dental ditches: 
How powerful photography can make a difference in protecting our oceans: 
"We've been speaking so much lately about the flaws of technologies, but for people with paralysis, this is a return to life."

Watch Tom Oxley's full talk here to learn more about this ground-breaking device that turns thoughts into text:  
Whether you're years away from menopause — or already going through it — arming yourself with knowledge can help make the process easier and less isolating: 
Here's why your cat is such a (lovable) weirdo:  #InternationalCatDay
Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist @alisonkilling made a remarkable discovery using the power of satellite and social media imagery. 

Here's how it could help expose hidden human rights violations and influence global policies to protect more people: 
Many gold-rich African nations aren't seeing the returns they should. Here's what's actually going on: 
Unsure which of our more than 4,000 talks to watch next? Try this 6-question quiz to settle on the perfect match: 

This is your brain on love: 
Humor is a powerful leadership tool that often goes overlooked. 

Watch the full talk to learn more about how introducing laughter to a workplace can encourage bonding, creativity and more: 
What's standing in the way of your happiness? These 4 questions might help you unlock it: 
Here's why @MonicaLewinsky says our obsession with public shaming has got to go: 
Those strange shapes that sometimes drift across your field of vision? They're a common phenomenon called called floaters — or muscae volitantes, if you want to get scientific. Here's why we see them: 
Women are conditioned to believe that success = a seat at the table. 

Here's why @Lilly Singh says we actually need to build better tables:  
Why can't scientists catch eels in the act — or even find their eggs? Inside one of science's biggest mysteries: 
Where do you go when you close your eyes? 💤

In this episode of Far Flung, take a journey into the dream world — the hazy place between reality and illusion where adventure awaits — no leaving bed required. 🛌

Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Our creep-detector is meant to keep us safe. Turns out, it does a pretty bad job 😬: 
"People have sex for many reasons, some because they want a baby, but most of us have sex because it feels good." 
"Don't let your small failures make you lose sight of your bigger picture."

Watch @Cordae's full talk here:  
At some point — you will find yourself transitioning into a new life chapter. 

Watch @BruceFeiler's full talk for 5 tips on how to navigate it:  
Did you even *know* that you had a third eyelid?!? 
"The only guarantee about grief is that however you feel right now, you will not always feel this way." 
You — and everyone else — are probably using the term "alpha male" incorrectly. Here's what it really means: 
"You can always find a shock of beauty and meaning in what life you have left." 
Here's what has to happen for pregnancy to occur after sex — and how different types of birth control stop it: 
Meet the leaders of Barcelona's newest art scene — street vendors! 

In this episode of Far Flung, learn more about the manteros and how they're changing the global streetwear business in a big way.

Listen now on @Stitcher:  
Humans have more free time than ever — so why does it feel like we're *always busy*?: 
If you’d like to learn more from @jlythcotthaims, you can enroll in her new TED Course, which builds off the ideas from her book, “Your Turn: How to Be an Adult.” Learn practical strategies to build a future that fits you. To enroll: 
Get ready to discover your next favorite book with @jlythcotthaims! 📖 In the next episode of the TED Talks Daily summer book club, we're talking about all things focused on parenting and unconditional love. Listen to her recommendations on @Spotify:  
Don't worry — we're not going to tell you to give up your daily latte. ☕️ It's just important to know how *exactly* it's getting to your cup: 
This takes "silent but deadly" to a whole new level ... 💀💀💀 
This singer worked with a neuroscientist to try to get her brain to fall out of love with her ex. Here's what happened next: 
"The big question is not just what do we want platforms to stop doing, but now that they've effectively taken control of our online public square, what do we need from them for the greater good?"

Watch Eli Pariser's full talk here:  
"I wanted this assignment to be a love letter to a troubled land that I had called home ... Little did I know that it will become a goodbye letter to Afghanistan as I knew it." - @TEDFellow @KianaHayeri

Turns out there *is* an algorithm for love — it's just not the kind that you think: 
Want to learn more from @PicoIyer? You can take his upcoming TED Course “How to take a life-changing journey." Discover how to set an intention and choose a destination, navigate cultural differences, and live differently when you return home. To enroll: 
Introducing the 📚TED Talks Daily summer book club, a series that will inspire your next great read! First, a meditation on home's meaning, the joy of traveling, and the serenity of standing still from @PicoIyer. Listen to his recommendations on @Spotify:  
How much water does your body *really* need every day? Here's the answer: 
These are 3 questions to ask yourself if you're teetering on the edge of speaking up — or piping down.

Watch Luvvie Ajayi Jones's full talk here:  
"Embrace your many passions. Follow your curiosity down those rabbit holes. Explore your intersections."

Watch Emilie Wapnick's full TED Talk here:  
Did you know massive sloths *the size of elephants* once roamed the earth? 🦥 
This incredibly powerful and practical tool can help you prepare and adapt to new challenges — and set you up for success in the future:  
Contrary to popular belief, good intimacy does not guarantee good sex: 
Are you hunched over your screen right now? Do this instead: 
What if we could prevent mental health disorders from developing in the first place? This new class of medications looks to do just that: 
Did you know: People lose about 50% of their friendships every 7 (!!!) years? But before you freak out about losing your bestie, you should also know this: 
These are the surprising differences between introverts and extroverts.

Watch Brian Little's full talk here:  
"If you were lucky, the adults in your life gave you lots of space to express how you feel without trying to fix what was going on." 
"I became Lucius25, white supremacist lurker, and digitally I began to infiltrate the infamous alt-right movement."

Watch Theo E.J. Wilson's full talk here:  
Here's why computers still have a lot to learn from *human* intelligence  — and how machine learning could help us with our very human problems: 
Have you — or someone you know — been struggling to balance working and being a parent? Here's why @reshmasaujani says this is a problem that is only getting worse in the US — and what needs to change to make things better: 
Trust us, life in Ancient Rome is *very* different than it is today: 
Tackle your reading list with these 6 strategies to make any book into a real page-turner: 
This is what your smile *really* says about you. 

Watch Ron Gutman's full talk here:  
More than half a million people seeking asylum are locked up in US immigration prisons each year — but that wasn't always the case.

This lawyer explains why this is happening and offers a potential path forward: 
You may have heard about some of the changes happening on Instagram right now. 

Back in April, head of IG Adam @Mosseri came to #TED2022 to lay out his vision of what the future of the platform could look like. Here's what he said:


We're a fan of #4 *especially* if you need some cheering up: 
Installing gardens on top of buildings make your rooftops pretty *and* can make indoor air temps cooler by 12°F(!): 
Feeling burnt-out and tired? A 4-day work week could help! 

Watch Juliet Schor's full talk to learn more about all the potential benefits of making the switch:  
Could new technologies like blockchain and crypto help us build better cities? This speaker built his own to find out — here's what he learned:  
This one might keep you up at night (Sorry in advance!): 
"You have more control over your emotions than you might imagine, and you have the capacity to turn down the dial on emotional suffering."

Watch the full talk here:  
This writer asked 16,000 people in 105 countries what regrets kept them up at night. 

This is what they said: 
Are you having fun? Join journalist and fun-researcher, @Catherine_Price as she shares some specific and actionable ways to identify the activities that are truly fun for you at our next TED Membership event! Learn more here: 
Do you give "mush-room" 🍄  to thinking about what your clothes are made of?

Here's why @dwidmaier says you should: 
How do you write authentic stories for a changing world?

In this episode, authors Jennifer Egan (@Egangoonsquad) and Steven Johnson (@stevenbjohnson) discuss tech, memory and fiction's power to change minds.

Listen to The TED Interview on @amazonmusic:  
You’re not imagining it — the number of extreme weather events *has* been increasing. Here's what’s really happening: 
Having trust in your relationships with yourself *and* others can make you feel safer, build more confidence and flourish — but how do you build it? 

These 7 tips can help: 
The next time you're trying to find your purpose, ask yourself:
- What brings me joy?
- What I'm good at? 
- What needs doing?

Watch Ayana Elizabeth Johnson's full talk here:  
Plus, 3 common misconceptions about language that we need to unlearn: 
"I used to dress in a way that looked good. Now I dress in a way that sounds good."

Watch Neil Harbisson's full talk here:  
Need a bit of inspiration? These pieces of advice are essential whether you are starting (or ending) a life chapter:  
Your favorite sport + physics = a match made in heaven: 
Don't wait to be happy — start *now*: 
Join award-winning author @Elif_Safak at our next virtual TED Membership event to talk about her latest book, The Island of Missing Trees. It’s a delicately constructed story of love and grief, displacement and home, faith and belief. RSVP here: 
"What predicts despair is not a lack of happiness. It's a lack of having meaning in life."

Watch Emily Esfahani Smith's full talk here:  
Implants — whether for insulin, organ replacement or cosmetic reasons — trigger an attack from your immune system. 

Here's how doctors are learning to tailor these medical needs to work *with* your body instead: 
Fast fashion may be easier on the wallet –but it's harder on the planet! 

Here's how you can switch to *slow* fashion and still have a closet of pieces you love: 
You know... like not texting while driving or eating every bite of food even when you're full: 
Did you know: Before the first civilizations, there was a "global village" where people thrived without social class barriers?

This is the untold story of history *and* it may be worth revisiting: 
The new era of medicine is here!

In this episode of TED Health, researcher Melissa J. Moore discusses the value of mRNA medicine — plus, what it can do next.

Listen now on @Stitcher:  
Take the conversation from basic to great: 
"If you ever know somebody who needs help, if you know somebody who is scared, be kind to them."

Watch the full TED Talk from the late Werner Reich to hear his inspiring story:  
*Drumroll please* 🥁 introducing the new host of TED Tech, data journalist and entrepreneur, @Sherrell_Dorsey! In her first episode as host, we'll explore the data-driven promises (and pitfalls) of AI-work integration. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Even if you've in a working-from-home groove, these tips can help make your team more flexible, productive and collaborative without the lengthy commute:

[Made possible with the support of @AdeccoGroup]: 
This could be your chance to give a TED Talk!
Applications are open to anyone living in Southeast Asia or of Southeast Asian descent. The deadline for submissions is September 30, 2022. To apply:  
If you have symptoms of itching, burning, swelling and redness, you may want to watch this: 
Monarch butterflies 🦋 are now considered an endangered species. 😢

Here's how we can help them thrive: 
Yes, your rude coworkers are the reason why your company is failing.

Watch Christine Porath's full talk on why kindness is the best policy:  
If you want to teach your kids important life skills, move away from textbooks and make your lessons fun!

Here's why: 
Are you a big fan of the wind? Then tune into this episode of Far Flung where we explore the invisible force that has fascinated people and inspired mythologies for millennia. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Spoiler: It has to do with sun exposure: 
Turns out, our bodies do a pretty bad job at telling us who we should trust 😬: 
Climate change won't just raise sea levels or raise temps by a few degrees — it literally threatens our existence on this planet. But there is still hope!

Watch climate scholar Johan Rockstrom's full talk to learn more:  
"Fun is not just the result of human thriving, it's a cause." 
Music has always been used as a tool for change. 🎤

Here's how it sway the masses and bring the climate crisis mainstream: 
"The true beauty of making useless things [is] this acknowledgment that you don't always know what the best answer is."

Watch Simone Giertz's joyful talk here:  
♟️@Kasparov63 is a chess grandmaster that is making some new moves. In this episode of The TED Interview, Kasparov looks back on his career, advocacy and political activism and shares his latest thinking on the Ukraine war. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Number 1: Extreme weather can decrease your sex drive and harm your reproductive health: 
@AstronomerFree that's right!
From the itching caused by bug bites to the sensations caused from losing a limb and everything in between: 
These 3 people fell in love in their 80s and 90s — and created a sweet and strange love story: 
@Albadawee We got you! Stay safe out there!
Here's how you can protect yourself — and others — from the heat: 
Tip 5: Give up on old grudges and outdated beliefs: 
"If cynical stories can become self-fulfilling, our work shows that hopeful ones can as well."

Watch Jamil Zaki's talk on how to escape the cynicism trap:  
This Chief Heat Officer — yes, you read that correctly — explains how she's helping the city of Athens, Greece prepare for extreme heat and shares how other cities are doing the same: 
Remember: No relationship is perfect: 
"We don't get to choose the pace at which people change."

Watch Alexis Nikole Nelson (@blackforager)'s hilarious and *wild* talk about foraging here:  
We're on a mission to find the next great TED speakers, and we need you to be the judge! Watch short talks from the TED Idea Search Africa finalists and vote on who you want to learn from on the big stage in one of these TED Member events. To RSVP: 
@Spotify We're big fans of "Body Stuff" with Dr. Jen Gunter or "Far Flung" if you want to take a mental trip to another place and culture!
We *could* tell you... but it may be better if you see it for yourself: 
"Every war brings it surprises. Sometimes it's how everything is new, but sometimes it's also how everything is old." 

Watch Yuval Noah Harari's full talk here:  
More often than not, your gut instinct is usually right. Try listening to it more: 
These lawsuits may make you think twice about what you do with your DNA: 
Don't worry: The closest black hole is 25,000 light-years away from Earth 😮‍💨. 

But it could *still* happen: 
Yes, these tips are simple — but they are also a good starting place to help others:  
Confidence ≠ competence: 
From growing the food we eat to capturing pollution from the air, this is the not-so-dirty truth about the important role soil plays in our world: 
Can you guess what this eel-shaped animal is? 
"That feeling of being terrified is your invitation to create change."

Watch Allyson Felix (@allysonfelix)'s full talk here:  
"We must not lose our capacity to dare to be kind to each other." — @Platon 

Watch his full talk here:  
Many workplaces are updating policies to better support people with – and without — disabilities. 

In this episode of WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, we explore how we can support every person's need. Listen now on @spotify:  
Did you know: Some space objects can be between 1 and 10 billion times as large as the sun (!!!): 
This is why your memory does or doesn't work when you're stressed: 
Installing gardens on top of buildings can make indoor air temps cooler by 12°F! 

Plus, they are pretty: 
If you spend too much time contemplating your existence late at night, we got you: 
Why are eulogies only for dead people? Your loved ones deserve to know what they mean to you *while* they're still here: 
Let's head to Iceland! In this episode of Far Flung, we learn how the digital age is impacting which language its people use to text, advertise, print menus and even flirt. 😉 Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
When you return from traveling, there's more to unpack than just your suitcase! Ask yourself these 3 questions to make the most of your trip: 
If you spot sea water withdrawing farther back than normal, run: 
"A private life makes a public life worth living."

Watch Bryce Dallas Howard's full talk here:  
Not only is the land that houses the world's population (8 billion people!) shrinking, but more people are living abroad than ever before. 

That presents a few problems *and* a few possibilities: 
Filling up quick! Be one of the first to join our TED Courses class of 2022! To sign up 👇 
The mRNA medicine vaccines doesn't just teach our bodies to fight illness — it also helps us maintain health, prevent disease and even correct errors in our genetic code!

Watch Melissa Moore's full talk to learn more:  
Step 2: Restate what you heard: 
We've got a trash problem — 80% of plastics never actually degrade and stay in our landfills for *many* years 😰.

Yet the solution may be in our smallest neighbors 🦠: 
This supersized, reusable 🚀 will play a big role in helping humans explore life on Mars and beyond: 
Do your smart devices make your life easier ... or more stressful? 

In this episode of How to Be A Better Human, we look at our relationship with technology and how we can use our devices to reset our boundaries. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
With all the doom-and-gloom climate news, the future can feel hopeless. 

But this collective of  social media creators is trying to change that — one good news story at a time: 
To prevent future pandemics, @BillGates says we must invest in 3 things *now*:

1. Disease monitoring
2. Research and development
3. Health systems

Watch his full talk to learn more:  
Beyond the physical effects — like loss of smell, heart disease, weakened bones and even erectile dysfunction — smoking also impacts your mood and brain: 
Wondering how your team can be more flexible and collaborative from home?

These strategies can do the trick: 
This mother spent years trying to figure out if she could have done anything to prevent her son's violence. 

This is what she wants other parents and mental health professionals to know: 
This study takes into account overall health, education, income, happiness and more: 
Dark matter is invisible — and it's also the key to discovering how the universe works! So how do we study something we can't see? 🤔

This theoretical physicist explains: 
Fun fact: The James Webb Space Telescope (@NASAWebb) is so large that it had to be folded up like origami to launch into space!

Here's what the most powerful telescope ever created will help us see and discover about the universe: 
Calling all lifelong learners! 🧑‍🏫 Explore a new way to learn from TED Speakers with TED Courses. Each virtual course will teach you new skills, from boosting your memory to becoming your best adult self. Start your learning journey here:  
Does the idea of meditating give you ... even more anxiety?  😩

Here are 7 alternatives that can relieve your mind: 
Here's why you should fully embrace everything that makes you ... you: 
What can a clownfish teach us about sexuality? As it turns out, a lot. Join zoologist and bestselling author @mslucycooke for a TED Member event all about the wild world of sex and gender in the animal kingdom. Click here to learn more: 
"I am just one of millions of people who have been told that in order to fulfill my dreams, in order to contribute my talents to the world I have to resist the truth of who I am."

Watch @americaferr's powerful talk on embracing your authentic self here:  
What kind of stories can we learn from the stars? ✨ In this episode of The TED Interview, @IBJIYONGI discusses with @stevenbjohnson how cosmology illuminates the vastness of our universe and our shared histories as humans. Listen now on @Stitcher:  
Want to change the story you've been telling yourself about your life?

Take notes from these authors: 
Fun fact: The molecule that causes hangovers 🍻 is the same as the gas you put in your car 🚗
Real money has value and Monopoly money is simply for game night — why is that? 🤔

It'll make "cents" after you watch this: 
Yes, these 3 tips are important — but so is the relationship you have with the person you're negotiating with! 

Listen to this episode of TED Business to learn how you can make the most of navigating tough conversations on @amazonmusic:  
A growing number of people never fully recover from COVID-19. 

Their new reality? Extreme exhaustion, brain fog, lung damage — and sometimes worse: 
These incredible photos give us a powerful look into the world we don't see underwater: 
"The only curse here is the ability to convince half the population that the very biological machinery that perpetuates the species, that gives everything that we have, is somehow dirty or toxic."

Watch @DrJenGunter's full talk here:  
Want to be a better writer? Ask yourself:

✏️What does the person reading need to know?
✏️What do I want them to remember?

Here's what else @JimVandeHei says you should keep in mind: 
In the midst of other humanitarian crises like the war in Ukraine, attention on Afghanistan has dwindled — but there's still a lot of need!

Here's how world leaders (and you!) can help right now: 
Instead of working against natural disasters, the Netherlands *worked* with it. Here's how: 
Dreaming of sandy beaches, amazing wildlife, Caribbean blue seas? Let's take a trip to Puerto Rico!

In this episode of Far Flung, we learn how Puerto Ricans are using food, dancing and community to reclaim its freedom. Listen now on @Stitcher:  
Hint: it's not 10,000 steps: 
"I've found a way to love my depression. I love it because it has forced me to find and cling to joy."

Watch Andrew Solomon's full TED Talk here:  
You may not spend your time studying ethics books to learn how to become a better person — but if you've watched certain TV shows, you might have learned anyway!

Watch Michael Schur's (@KenTremendous) humorous talk to more about how to be a better person:  
How did China become a global superpower — and what is its future in relations to the West?

This author and journalist explains: 
Fun fact: your favorite treat was originally made as a bitter, foamy beverage:  #WorldChocolateDay
Could skyscrapers and buildings be why you feel more stressed, less healthy and even be contributing to city crime? Yes!

Here's how one architect is trying to change that: 
There's more to this iconic artist than her formidable self-portraits: 
You may not realize it but your most common regrets fall into one (or more!) of these 4 categories: 
"We must expand our vision and our responsibility to what civil rights actually means."

Watch Megan Ming Francis's full talk here:  
Rising medical costs often do more harm than good. 

In this episode of TED Business, we explain how drug companies use patents to their advantage — at the cost of public health — and how we can change that for the future. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Ever see something floating across your field of vision? These are the facts you need to know about floaters: 
"When one of us is wounded, all of us share in that wound." 

Here's how we can break the cycle of pain and build a more connected, healing world: 
Some days, you just need a good laugh. 

In this episode of How to Be a Better Human, comedian Maeve Higgins explains how imagination and humor can help us through heavy and emotional situations. Listen now on @applePodcasts:  
Surveillance is essential to law enforcement and to national security — but what data is actually being collected about you and how is it being used? 

This surveillance expert tells all — including what you can do about it: 
"I think saving [US] democracy will take more — not just from elected officials, civic leaders or the media — but more from each one of us." - former Massachusetts  Governor Deval Patrick 
You can't "cure" a hangover — but here's how you can alleviate its worst symptoms: 
Can uniting all areas of your brain be the key to emotional harmony? 🧠  Find out as @DrJBT shares how the different regions of your brain shape your experiences and emotions in this special TED Member event. Click here to learn more:
Cynicism can be like quicksand — the deeper you go, the harder it is to get out. 

Here's how you can rescue yourself — or someone you know — from the point of no return:  
"Once I figured out that fear was not put in me to cripple me, it was there to protect me — and once I figured out how to use that fear, I found my power." 
Since the US Constitution was ratified in 1789 — 11,000 amendments have been proposed, by only 27 have passed as of 2016. 

Here's why: 
If you're on the fence about deleting your accounts, watch this: 
Whether you're trying reduce your screen time or want to read more in general — these tips will help: 
Life advice from actor Ethan Hawke: 

1) Find a way to express yourself. 
2) Don't worry if it's any good. 

Watch his full talk here:  
"Life gets greater, later." — @BevySmith

Watch her full talk to learn more about why it's OK if you don't have it all figured out already:  
Number 3: A purpose worth fighting for: 
Knowing more than 1 language may not make you "smarter" — but it does give your brain some remarkable advantages: 
How can we make our world more inclusive? By expanding our idea of who matters: 
Take your knowledge to new heights 🏔: 
Couples who sustain strong sexual connections over multiple decades have 2 things in common. 

Watch Emily Nagoski's full talk to learn what else can help:  
We're not saying it's aliens but ... 
Throwing yourself into work, a relationship, or self-improvement will never make you feel like you're enough. 

Here's what actually will: 
Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist @alisonkilling made a remarkable discovery using the power of satellite and social media imagery. 

Here's how it could help expose hidden human rights violations and influence global policies to protect more people: 
This story has it all: Love, honor, revenge, betrayal and death: 
"Speak up if you're struggling. Being honest about how we feel does not make us weak; it makes us human."

Watch Sangu Delle's full talk here:  
Doing *something* is better than doing nothing: 
Spoiler: It's partly because they embrace immigrants and refugees. 

But that's not the only reason: 
Feeling a little ... lost? Here's how you can regain your sense of self and get grounded again: 
Have you ever been to Nepal? Let's go!

In this episode of Far Flung, we take a trip this nation and explore the vast network and incredible feats of engineering that traverse the country. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
"Ecological integrity is the foundation for all types of security... which makes it the one common denominator that we can work on rebuilding collectively." 
"Our character as individuals, our character as a nation, is determined to such a large extent by the way that we treat immigrants and refugees, regardless of their legal status." 
"You control the story you tell about yourself, even the most painful parts of yourself."

Watch Bruce Feiler's full talk here:  
This Queen was determined to restore power — and voting rights — to her people. Here's how it turned out: 
What's the dirt on soil? 🤔

Let us help you get to the bottom of it: 
And do they lead to infertility? 🤔

In this episode of Body Stuff, @DrJenGunter looks at the science of how vaccines are developed and tested for safety. Listen now on @amazonmusic:  
"During this pandemic, a lot of things worked well, a lot of things didn't work well. And so we have all that knowledge to build a prevention system." 

Watch @BillGates' full talk to learn 3 ways we better plan for the future:  
It's time to bust the myth that your worth is tied to how your body looks: 
"We need to rally around a set of shared values and standards ... so that every single voter, regardless of their zip code, has access to a process that's both fair and trustworthy." 
"Culture can change in all kinds of surprising ways. Culture isn't a box with rigid, static sides. It's more like a river that flows." 
This talk was stuffed with inspiration! 10/10. Bear-y good. 
Opiates are super-addictive drugs — and too many of them can be found in medicine cabinets all over the world: 
If you’re ready to help millions of people and close the gap between the system we have *and* the system we all deserve, this is for you: 
"Hear me when I say, a woman shouldn't be grateful to sit at a table. She should be paid to sit at a table."

Watch Lilly Singh's full talk here:  
Multimedia artist @JRart creates incredible, large scale photo murals on iconic walls — from the Louvre to the US-Mexico border wall!  — to bring people closer together 

Here's how his recent project at maximum security prison did just that: 
3 steps from author and conflict mediator @priyaparker to turn everyday-get-togethers into transformative gatherings:  
This riddle has been called the hardest logic puzzle ever — can you solve it? 
Need an empowering perspective on the climate crisis? Walk away from this TED Member event with a toolkit of ideas and strategies for how to engage in positive climate conversations. Join @KHayhoe for this special live event. To learn more👇 

Want to achieve your goals? Pick up these 4 habits: 
What does a healthy workplace look like? 

In this episode of WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, learn how to recognize 4 signs of a toxic work culture — and what it really takes to shape a thriving workplace from the inside.

Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Spoiler alert: It's definitely more than 10%. 
How do you take the ordinary and make it extraordinary? 

Watch this magical talk filled with a dash of rule-breaking — and a whole lot of sugar! — to find out:  
More than a billion people with disabilities around the world require assistive technology — but only 10% of them have access to the tools and equipment they need. 
 

Here’s why that needs to change: 
Have you ever wondered if your soulmate is out there — even if you're in a great relationship? This one's for you: 
Steven sits down with @TEDchris to explore innovation and unpack where great ideas💡 come from. Listen to this episode of The TED Interview on @spotifypodcasts:  
The TED Interview has a new host — introducing @stevenbjohnson! He's an innovation expert, best-selling author of 13 books and a 4-time TED speaker. 
It's true: Humor is a secret superpower in every area of life — especially work! 

Watch the full talk to learn more about how to not take yourself so seriously:  
Here's how the ingredients of cigarette smoke travel through the body — and wreak havoc: 
Step 3: Use transition moments to your advantage: 
At some point — you will find yourself transitioning into a new season of life.

Here are 5 tips to help you navigate it: 
aahh...choo 👃 
From seasonal allergies to reactions to certain foods and animals — and even more unusual items like semen or the chemicals used to treat leather, @DrJenGunter has got you covered! Listen to this episode of Body Stuff on @spotifypodcasts:  
Need a break from ... everything? Let this stunning, multicolored performance from @particleinknft be your excuse to get up and dance it out! 💃🕺
How can you become your true self in life? By asking yourself these 3 questions, and refusing to settle for less than what you want:  
This is why your cat is such a weirdo: 
The US Supreme Court decision protecting the right to abortion has been officially overturned. This attorney — who has spent years fighting to uphold it — explains what’s next: 
While on a spacewalk, astronaut Chris Hadfield suddenly went blind. Here's what he did to keep himself calm: 
Who is happier — married couples or single people? This researcher goes on a quest to find the answer:


Tired of internet toxicity and misinformation? You're not alone! 

So journalist Andrew Marantz went undercover to find how trolls spread this information and what can be done to stop it. Listen to this episode of TED Health on @Stitcher:  
How can reusable spacecraft help us go further in our exploration of the universe — or even help jumpstart a human presence on Mars?

This @NASA scientist explains: 
Want to get away? Let's take a trip to Somalia ... in 1988! In this episode of Far Flung, we travel back to a time — when many  people were fleeing the city of Hargeisa — and uncover the music saved deep underground. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
@bevysmith Thanks for sharing, @bevysmith! ❤️
"We have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned."

Watch the full talk here:  
“I exist because I have my women friends. They make me stronger, they make me smarter, they make me braver. They tap me on the shoulder when I might be in need of course-correcting.” — @Janefonda  
Ever see little things moving across your field of vision? This is what causes those little floaty things: 
Do you want to give a TED Talk? This is your chance! Applications for the TED Idea Search Africa are open until TOMORROW! If you live in Africa or are of African descent you're eligible to apply. Get started: 
 
Do yourself a favor and let go of some of your misconceptions about casual sex. 
It only takes 15 min. 
This geothermal energy plant produces ⅓ of Kenya's energy, is completely renewable and is a national park — with zebras!!

Here's how it could also help Africa become the first carbon-negative continent and leader in averting climate change: 
What is the legal status of your frozen eggs or sperms once it's outside your body?

It's more complicated than you think: 
This talk will bring a whole new meaning to the word “boner.” 
"Real magic is the feeling when life transforms from the ordinary into the extraordinary. And not only is it real. It is the very thing that connects us to this world, to one another, to our entire existence."

Watch @ChristinaTosi's full talk here:  
Ever noticed that splashing your face with water just makes you feel ... better? Here's the science: 
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
"We need to build the biggest, strongest team possible to tackle this most enormous challenge humanity has ever faced." — Dr. Ayana Elizabeth Johnson (@ayanaeliza)

Watch her full talk here to learn how you can put your skills to use:  
We're not saying it's aliens but... 
To start *and* keep an exercise habit, embrace the power of "better than nothing." Here's what that means: 
Thinking about quitting social media? This man has never had a social media account — and shares 3 reasons why you should join him: 
This is your sign to stop taking yourself *and work* so seriously and start finding more ways to laugh. We're not joking! 

Watch the full talk here:  
Here are 3 ways to start a conversation that invites other people to learn and grow — instead of shutting them out: 
Want to enjoy life more? Here's how you can better live in the present moment: 
Grammar nerds, this quick lesson is for you: 
Honor #WorldRefugeeDay with activist @luma_mufleh. Discover how the game of soccer ⚽ has played an essential role in empowering refugee kids. Learn how you can take action in your community at this TED Membership event. Click here to learn more: 
Here's how family, colleagues and even strangers rewire your brain, bit by bit, every day: 
Yes, NASA really almost sent 100 tampons into space with Sally Ride.And comedian @MarciaBelsky has something to *sing* about it: 
When countries run out of money, why don't they just ... print some more? Well, it's complicated: 
"I twerk because it’s unique to the Black experience ... it means something real to me." — @Lizzo 

Watch her full talk to learn the cultural history of this popular dance:  
Is this why you love that old, ugly coffee mug *so* much? 
This father-daughter duo pose for the same picture, on the same corner, each year. Here's why they keep doing it: 
Want to be a better ally for trans and non-binary people? Here are 5 things to consider: 
"If humanity increases our annual investment in clean technologies and infrastructure by around 2 percent of global GDP, that should be enough to prevent catastrophic climate change." 
"That's just the way it goes, we don't get to choose the pace at which people change, if they choose to change at all."

Watch Alexis Nikole Nelson's (@blackforager) — a recent James Beard Award winner — full talk here:  
This lawyer saw a gap in how Black history in the US is talked about or learned — so she established the largest national archive of African American video-oral history: 
Father's Day is June 19 and we've got a gift that is sure to be a conversation starter! With a TED Membership, you can give Dad the opportunity to attend a live virtual event with a TED Speaker, join our member's book club and more! To gift, click here:  
The things that make us laugh are a lot older than you think!

Here's how this writer from ancient Greece invented comedic techniques still used today: 
We've all heard that "10,000 steps" a day is good for your health — but is it true? 🤔

@DrJenGunter breaks down how many you *really* need: 
🎙️The TED Interview is back and brainier than ever! @TEDchris is kicking off the new season with neuroscientist @davideagleman. Unlock the mysteries of the brain 🧠 in this episode of the TED Interview on @ApplePodcasts:  
🎙️ Far Flung with @kidethnic is back! Buckle up to explore new amazing places and the ideas that flow from them. First up: Caracas, Venezuela! Learn why sometimes the best place to stay informed is the bus. Listen on @applepodcasts:  
A 4-day work week could address job fatigue and the climate crisis, but is it realistic? Yes!

Watch Juliet Schor's full talk to learn why:  
There are a lot of reasons why fathers might not see their kids. 

Here's how we can help them overcome shame and hopelessness to rebuild the bond with their child: 
Before you start comparing yourself to people who seem to have more than you, read this: 
If you don't quite understand the stock market — you're not alone! 

Here's how you can get up to speed on the world of investing: 
Feel like you need a vacation from ... everything? We feel you. 

Here's how to get away without going anywhere: 
Have you heard of audio-erotica? 

Here's how letting your imagination wander while listening to immersive audio stories can bring joy, confidence and empowerment to your sex life: 
You have more free time than you think. Here's how to start using it better: 
Using an electron microscope, this filmmaker magnifies the tiniest wonders of nature to 1 million times their size (!) so our eyes can see every single detail. Check out some of his most jaw-dropping images: 
This one stumped us 🤔 ... Let us know how you would solve it! 
You might not think twice about using a finger scan to open your phone — but that same technology can also bring new risks to refugees needing protection.

Here's how we can use data safely and ethically: 
Have we been thinking about fire all wrong? 
There's actually an exact temperature that humans sleep most soundly at. Is your room too cold — or too hot? 
It only takes 15 min. 
"We have got to stop forcing people to choose between parenting and doing the work that they love."

Watch Allyson Felix's full talk here:  
Does being cynical make you smarter or happier? No, it's actually the opposite. 

In this episode of TED Business, psychologist Jamil Zaki makes the scientific case for optimism and shows us how to break out of the cynicism trap. Listen now on @Stitcher:  
Knowing more than one language keeps your brain healthy, complex and actively engaged. 
"Always be intentional with your desires. Know exactly what you want." — @Cordae, Grammy-nominated hip-hop artist.

For more great tips on how to cultivate a positive mindset on life, watch his full TED Talk here:  
To start *and* keep an exercise habit, embrace the power of "better than nothing." Here's what that means: 
Early in his career, this film producer created an anonymous email chain for screenplays called "The Black List." You'll be surprised how many Oscar winners were discovered on it: 
Wind, solar, coal, and nuclear energy all take up very different amounts of space. 

Here's why that matters: 
"We're all hallucinating all the time, including right now. It's just that when we agree about our hallucinations, we call that reality."

Watch neuroscientist Anil Seth's full TED Talk here:  
We've all heard that "10,000 steps" a day is good for your health — but is it true? 🤔

@DrJenGunter breaks down how much you *really* need: 
What is really happening in galaxies far, far away? 

Here's how the @NASAWebb Telescope will help us find that out: 
Ever see something floating across your field of vision? These are the facts you need to know about floaters: 
This man survived a deadly King Cobra bite — and went on to discover something truly amazing: 
This one is for the father figures who are forever learners! From live events with TED speakers, to TED book clubs, this #FathersDay give the gift that keeps giving — a TED Membership. To 🎁, click here:  
Instead of focusing on everyone else, focus on you: 
Researchers have identified 4 thought patterns that appear to damage our telomeres — essential parts of our DNA that are responsible for keeping our cells young. Do you do any of them? 
"If we understand what people regret the most, we actually can understand what they value the most."

Watch Daniel H. Pink's full TED Membership conversation here:  
"If very young girls were surrounded by the voices of Black female voices, chances are they'd assign value to their own." -- ethnomusicologist Kyra Gaunt 
Spoiler: Hybrid work isn't just good for business, it's good for people! 

Learn the science behind this approach and how it could shape your personal and professional success in this episode of WorkLife with @AdamMGrant. Listen on @Spotify:  
Yes, Harry Styles and his fans can teach us *a lot* about love and joy. 

Watch Yve Blake's full talk here:  
People who lie tend to use these 4 speech patterns. Here's how to spot them: 
We're not saying it's a "race" to finish this video... 

... But also — ready, set, go: 
This photographer spent 4 months trekking through 24/7 darkness in -40° Celsius weather — while surrounded by polar bears 🐻‍❄️ ! —  equipped only with a camera and headlamp.

Here are 11 stunning images she captured: 
Rhythm isn't just a part of music! It's found everywhere around us, from the ocean tides 🌊 to our own heartbeats 💓 
“Father, the world itself is a weave, a living garment.”

In an incredible reading, this author weaves together a story about the fabric of humanity, our world and our future: 

From how to be an ally to celebrating those in the LGBTQ+ community and navigating your own needs — this #PrideMonth playlist is the perfect way to learn and grow this June!

Find it on @Spotify:  
Could a 4-day workweek help with productivity, and prevent burnout? Yes! 

Watch Juliet Schor's full talk to learn how:  
Warning: this topic may bring tingles down your spine and spark joy ✨ 
Enough about sharks and whales! This fish is the true, underrated powerhouse of the ocean:  #WorldOceansDay
We're just going to tell you — it's your brain. 

And here's why it matters when you're exercising: 
What's the most common advice in graduation speeches by Steve Jobs, Taylor Swift, and many more? Get inspired and find out: 
We all share so much of ourselves on social media — wins, losses, major life moments — but does it lead to a more connected life? 

Actress @BryceDHoward shares her hard-earned lessons on how preserving your private life makes a public life worth living:  
This court is in session! Tomorrow, @JudgeVPratt will be sharing her transformative vision for justice. Learn about the impact of this human-centered approach, and how you can be an advocate for equitable justice where you live. To learn more, click here: 
People who lie tend to use these 4 speech patterns. Here's how to spot them: 
Grab a pen and paper before you watch this talk. 

Trust us. 
Do you have a problem with perfectionism? Find out in 10 questions: 
"Trans people are not new. Gender variance is older than you think." 

This #PrideMonth, learn about the long and beautiful history of the transgender community. Watch the full TED Talk here:  
The sun shines for free — and it's not going to run out of light any time soon! So why haven't we made the switch? 
How did the Hubble Space Telescope become our greatest insight into the stars? Poet Maria Popova (@brainpicker) takes us on a tour from a California observatory to Andromeda: 
Here's how to ensure your partner continues to desire you — and remains desirable to you. 
Here's what has to happen for pregnancy to occur after sex — and how birth control stops it: 
So ... who's the favorite child in your family? Here's why your guess is probably wrong: 
"I never had the courage to share my story, not because I thought what I am is wrong, but because of how the world treats those of us who wish to break free." — @GeenaRocero #Pride 
How do mRNA vaccines work? By training our bodies to fight illnesses. 

Here's how that same technology could be developed and customized to fight everything from the flu to cancer:  
"The end of my antigay picketing career and life as I knew it [was] triggered in part by strangers on Twitter who showed me the power of engaging the other."

Watch the full TED Talk from Megan Phelps-Roper (@meganphelps) here:  
Could creating digital universes help us build a better real world? Yes! 

@Minecraft game director Agnes Larsson (@_LadyAgnes) explains how games and metaverses can enhance our creativity, build community and turn our visions into reality: 
Did we just ... make math up? 
Next time you find yourself on the verge of blowing up at your kids, partner, coworkers, or even a stranger — try this instead: 
Coping with a new life transition? We've got you: 

• Embrace the positives
• Accept your emotions 
• Try something new
• Seek guidance from people you know
• Rewrite your own story

The 3 pillars of trust are empathy, logic and authenticity. Here's what to do when one fails. 

Watch @FrancesFrei's full TED Talk here:  
Spoiler alert: It's definitely more than 10%. 
All healthy humans have some amount of fungi on them – but when is it too much? And what causes it? 🤔

In this episode of Body Stuff, Dr. Jen Gunter busts common myths on fungus, probiotics and yeast in the body. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
No, everyone shouldn't be able to tweet directly from their brain  😬  — but for people with paralysis or disability, this technology could be life-changing: 
When you see someone in an abusive relationship it can be hard to know when or how to speak up — or even what to say.

These tips may help: 
"There's always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. And there are always stories that restore it. If we live out loud, we can trounce the hatred, and expand everyone's lives."

Watch @Andrew_Solomon's full TED Talk here:      #Pride 
No, you don't have to quit your job to realize your dreams! 

In this episode of Taken for Granted, award-winning director @Ava DuVernay shares how her love of filmmaking started as a side hustle and how she inspires others. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Sometimes showing someone compassion means calling them out on their worst behavior. Here's why: 
What do '90s vintage props, religious symbols, parents-turned-models, and bright colors have in common? 

The answer: One photographer's vision of coping with the early days of the pandemic: 
Sometimes the line between healthy and unhealthy love is really obvious and other times it's ... not. 

Watch @KatieHHood's full talk here:  
Want to make a change in your community? Sometimes the solutions to big problems are people (like you) with the right resources. Hear from some of TED’s most skilled change-makers at our next live TED Membership event. To learn more, click 👇

#DYK 811 million people around the world go hungry each day?

Here's how one entrepreneur (@BKowatsch) is fighting global hunger with technology and 80 cents a day: 
Plus, why your textbooks lied to you about the size of the nucleus: 
"Menopause deserves at least the same attention as puberty — I’d argue even more — and menopause is no more a disease than being a man is a disease." — 
@DrJenGunter 
For millions of people, past trauma lingers, causing symptoms like flashbacks, nightmares and negative thoughts that interfere with their lives: 
"It's amazing how often [art] enables them to break through the trauma and start to heal." 
Two of the many benefits of swimming? It may help repair damage from stress and actually create new neural connections in your brain! 
This artist makes intricate, beautiful paintings with help from ... a small army of robots!

Watch Sougwen Chung's full TED Talk here:  
Hint: It has to do with cycles of stress: 
"As a chess player, I know that strategy is the future impact of present decisions. However grand our plans are for two, five, even ten moves ahead — it's the move that we make now that determines that future." 

Watch Garry Kasparov's full talk here:  
Feel like you need a vacation from ... everything? We feel you. 

Here's how to get away without going anywhere: 
• Does chocolate cause pimples?
• Can I shrink the size of my pores?
• What actually keeps skin healthy?

Here's the truth: 
Shockingly, more US veterans die by suicide than in combat. This #MemorialDay, let's honor those we've lost — and take concrete steps to prioritize military members' mental health before, during and after service. 

Watch Charles P. Smith's full talk here:  
Instead of reduce, reuse, recycle — what if we could rethink, reimagine and reconsider what we consume and throw away?

In this episode of TED Radio Hour, we ask the experts how we could build a better future. Listen now on @amazonmusic:  
This riddle is like one big game of chess ♟️: 
"It's sometimes hard for us to see that the answers to some of the most complicated problems in the world lie in the simplest of human actions." - @ZarlashtH 
Here's why you should stop trying to capture every single moment: 
"What creativity really is, at the end of the day, is an expression of that longing for a more perfect and beautiful world." - author @susancain 
Starting a new chapter in life? Whether you're a recent graduate or unlocking a new life level — these TED speakers offer advice on how to create and live a successful life: 
What would the overturning of Roe v Wade actually mean for reproductive rights in the US?

This TED Membership conversation explores the implications — and what a path forward could look like: 
It may seem like AI is here to replace human workers — but what if it could actually help people *find* jobs?

In this episode of TED Tech, @Jamila_Gordon shares how AI can give refugees, migrants and more new opportunities. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Yes, you can release all that stress that's been building up inside you! Here are simple steps to take to let it go: 
5 x (7 -2) + (8+1) = ???

Need to brush up on your math skills first? Watch this quick video, and then come back to solve. (We'll wait.) 
Did you know there are actually 4 types of regret? It's true!

In this episode of TED Health, we explore each type of regret, and explain how understanding why you experience this emotion can help you use it to your advantage. Listen now on @Stitcher:  
We get it — change can be hard — especially when it comes to what you eat!

If you need help, outdoor educator and wild food forager, Alexis Nikole Nelson (@blackforager) has some advice:  
The amazing story of how local journalists are coming together to fight organized crime and corruption on a global scale: 
From our heads to our armpits to ... other places, human hair serves different purposes depending on where it is: 
And does blue light actually impact your sleep quality? What about melatonin? 🤔

In this episode of Body Stuff, @DrJenGunter explains sleep cycles, how our brain organizes memories, and busts common sleep myths. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
By 2050, the aviation industry may account for up to 20% of global carbon emissions and pollution! 🤯

This aviation expert offers 3 ways we can make flying greener: 
You've probably used @wikipedia for "research" before — but have you ever wondered how it ensures the information is accurate, trustworthy and unbiased?

Former CEO of @Wikimedia, Katherine Maher (@krmaher) shares the secret: 
"The goal isn't to make our grief smaller. The goal is for us to become bigger, to grow around this grief." — grief specialist, David Kessler (@IamDavidKessler). 
If we're going to create more inclusive communities and break down systemic racism — we need be more mindful of how we talk others. 

Here are 6 common phrases to avoid: 
It's not just annoying. Snoring can be a sign of something more dangerous ... 
"Ultimately, you judge the character of a society, not by how they treat their rich and the powerful and the privileged, but by how they treat the poor, the condemned, the incarcerated." — @eji_org

Watch Bryan Stevenson's full TED Talk here:  
“If we can unlock the full potential of our cities, we can minimize the price the planet pays for hosting us in our growing numbers." — @MarvinJRees, Mayor of Bristol, UK. 
What does the future of hybrid and remote work look like?

In this episode of WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, Microsoft CEO @satyanadella opens up about the future of work, leadership and building cultures of care. Listen on @Spotify:  
"A truly successful life is the one which is spent in the pursuit of becoming the best possible version of yourself when you take that last breath."

Watch the full talk here:  
Here's how to keep your voice calm and strong — even when you feel the opposite. 
This economic policy started in 1981 to battle record-high inflation and rising unemployment. Here's what you need to know: 
 
If you've ever found yourself gazing at the stars — this poetic and historical look at the cosmos is for you: 
The saying goes: The pen is mightier than the sword. 

In this case, the radio was mightier than the military: 
What do social security, health insurance and the weekend all have in common? They're all results of labor unions! 

Here's why we still need these organizations in the 21st century: 
Your emotions aren't hard-wired. With some practice, you can actually learn how to control them.

Watch the full talk here:  
To prevent future pandemics, 
@BillGates
 says we must invest in 3 things *now*:

1. Disease monitoring
2. Research and development
3. Health systems

Watch his full talk to learn more:  
After watching this, you'll be very grateful for the creation of the GPS: 
If you save less than 5% of your income — or don't have an emergency fund, these tips could help: 
We don't know who needs to hear this, but... drinking, smoking and even melatonin may actually make your insomnia worse: 
Turns out, it may actually be possible to die of a broken heart. 

Watch Sandeep Jauhar's full TED Talk to learn why:  
Grab a pen and paper before you watch this talk. 

Trust us. 
Chickens can tell over 100 chicken faces apart, and they can even recognize individuals after months of separation. Learn more about their amazing minds: 
Spoiler: The roots of modern English are based on words borrowed from French, Latin, Old Norse and other languages.

Here's how those words have changed over 6,000 years: 
"Do not give up hope. And remember always, that political will is itself a renewable resource." - @algore  
 
Does life really get greater, later? Yes, says pop culture queen @bevysmith! 

Watch her full TED Talk about how to step into your authentic self — at any age —  here:  
🎓 Let the inspiring talks continue long after the commencement speech with the gift of a TED Membership! Your grad can attend live events with TED speakers, network with our international TED Community and more. To gift, click here:  
We are all given the same amount of time in a day for sleep, fun and to get stuff done.

Here's how you can make the most of it: 
Sharing this just bee-cause: 

#WorldBeeDay
Whether you're a leader at work, in the community or at home — you can drive positive and enduring change! 

Here's how you can broaden your mindset and uplift people: 
How can we help people get access to the affordable healthcare they need?

In this episode of TED Health, 1 organization shares how it will drive down prescription prices by recycling almost $1 billion worth of medications in 5 years. Listen on @Spotify:  
We've all heard that "10,000 steps" a day is good for your health — but is it true? 🤔

@DrJenGunter breaks down how much you *really* need: 
"Reclaiming your language and embracing your culture is a powerful way to be yourself."

Watch Daniel Bögre Udell's TED Talk here:  
Hint: It's not about the answer — it's about *how* you get there: 
🤔 ... There are a lot of myths about how our metabolism works. So how do you cut through the junk? Ask a doctor!

In this episode of Body Stuff, @DrJenGunter shares the science behind your metabolism — and what matters. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
"I think we can undo anything that has come before. We just have to give ourselves permission to do it." 
Yes, your gut is important for things like digestion and 💩 — but it could it also be linked to your mental health? Yes!

Watch Giulia Enders' full TED Talk to learn how:  
Ready to make a change in your life? Here are 7 questions you should know the answers to first: 

Chronic stress can damage virtually every part of your body. Watch this — and then take some deep breaths: 
#DYK: The average professional attends 62 meetings per month, and spends 28% of their time responding to email? Yikes! 😱 Yes, that busy-work is draining — but it's also not the full picture. 

Here are 3 other reasons you might be "crazy busy": 
Could blockchains help shift power on social media away from platforms and into the hands of creators?  

Here's how Head of Instagram Adam @mosseri says it could happen: 
Do you have questions about the leaked draft to overturn Roe v. Wade? Hear some perspectives from a panel of legal scholars, journalists and activists at our next TED Membership event. RSVP by becoming a TED Member here: 
Not only are they among the fastest invertebrates ever recorded — some species are resistant to 43 different chemicals! 😳

But there is one way to get rid of these unwelcome roaches: 
Cults never actually call themselves cults — here's how to spot one: 
To function properly, your body actually needs to fast for at least 12 hours a day. Here's why: 
"You have the gift to help someone navigate through their trauma and make their story worth telling."

Watch Lisa Godwin's full TED Talk here:  
A century ago, there were over 100,000 lions in Africa — but now there are only 20,000. 

Here's how community-based conservationism can shift that: 
If we're going to strive for a more inclusive and fair world — we've got to address the myths and truths about racism head-on: 
Looking for a way to unpack some of your heaviest emotions? Join @susancain for a perspective-shifting conversation and a preview of her new book, Bittersweet: How Sorrow and Longing Make Us Whole. To RSVP, become a TED Member here: 
"Understanding how violence and conflict affects and changes people is more important than ever." - @ZarlashtH 
The first thing to do is ask yourself: "Is this really about me?" 
“We have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned.”

Watch Angela Lee Duckworth's full TED Talk here:  
Are you willing to break the rules — or do you play it safe?

In this episode of TED Business, @MilkBarStore founder @ChristinaTosi shares how challenging the norm can help you uncover the extraordinary in your every day life. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Here's what the billions of microbes in your body reveal about your health: 
"Happiness comes and goes. But when life is really good and when things are really bad, having meaning gives you something to hold on to." 

Watch the full talk here:  
This man survived a deadly King Cobra bite — and went on to discover something truly amazing: 
There's actually nothing magic about it — just good old science: 
"By rethinking mobility for women, giving them a safe transport and safety outside of home, it is our hope to transform our culture." 
People who lie tend to use these 4 speech patterns. Here's how to spot them: 
"Depression doesn’t diminish a person’s desire to connect with other people, just their ability." 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Want to see the future in action? Don't just look to Silicon Valley!

This episode of TED Tech dives deep into the amazing tech being developed in small cities and rural communities around the world. Listen on @Stitcher:  
Don't freak out: Mind-controlling parasites are not just the stuff of science fiction. 😨

Watch @edyong209's full TED Talk here:  
The amazing story of how local journalists are coming together to fight organized crime and corruption on a global scale: 


Bestselling author, Garrard Conley (@gayrodcon), joins the Conversations With People Who Hate Me podcast to recount his experience as a conversion therapy survivor and talk with someone who ran the clinic. Listen to this 3-part series on @spotifypodcasts:  
This one stumped us 🤔 ... Let us know how you would solve it! 
"Just imagine a world where no matter who you are or where you're from, you know exactly how to take care of your loved ones and where you are seen and acknowledged for this essential work." 
If we're going to stop fossil fuel companies from contributing to climate change — we need to stop financially investing in them. 

Here are 3 ways we can do it: 
Do you know the 🚩🚩🚩 of an abusive relationship?

Here is what to look out for — and how to know when to speak up: 
How do mRNA vaccines work? By training our bodies to fight illnesses. Here's how that same technology could be developed and customized to fight everything from the flu to cancer:  
@tupelojason Eye see what you did there... 
🤯🤯🤯

Wondering how scientists captured this astonishing black hole photo? Check out the 2019 TED Talk on the tech that made it possible:  
@Jdfo77 It's so good, right?
The 600-year journey of "the most influential artwork ever" goes from 1432 Belgium to a salt mine in Nazi-occupied Austria. Yet part of it is still missing to this day. 
"It is absolutely crucial that we rebuild the foundation of US democracy." - @tianaej

Here's how her organization is working to make US elections better: 
A new season of Body Stuff with @DrJenGunter is here — and she’s starting the season off strong with smell! 👃🏽

Get a whiff of what it's all about on @ApplePodcasts:  
"One reason for these successes is that with reduced work time, each hour typically becomes more productive."

Here's what else a 4-day work week could mean for our mental health, pay rates and the climate: 
And it's not necessarily because we run out of energy... 
Good news: You don't have to clear your mind or control your thoughts to practice mindfulness.

Watch the full talk from @andypuddicombe (of @Headspace) to learn about the benefits of taking just 10 minutes a day to meditate:  
About $60 billion in available government benefits go unclaimed in the US each year due to complicated, outdated systems. 

Here's how redesigning the claim process could unlock access for millions families and communities: 
Including the N-95 mask, USB port, the birth-control pill, YouTube and more! 
How one organization is offering small farmers in Africa a trusted and transparent way to own their money — and break out of the cycle of poverty: 
"One out of every five deaths is linked to unhealthy food. And yet, one third of our world's population cannot afford a healthy diet." 

Here's how we can fix that: 
Many animals use "asymmetric sleep" to keep swimming or flying, or to watch out for predators, while part of their brain sleeps. Here's how humans use it: 
"I think if you want the future to be good, you must make it so. Take action to make it good. And it will be." - @ElonMusk

Watch the full conversation here:  
You may think it's a "positive stereotype" — but it actually causes real harm. Here's how: 
News flash! Our personalities aren't fixed — and we can even fix our most stubborn traits through our actions. Here's how: 
It's time to reshape the future of work — from hours to locations and even job descriptions! 

In this episode of TED Business, leadership expert Debbie Lovich shares 3 ways leaders can help employees be more autonomous and productive. Listen on @Spotify:  
There are no "bad" emotions. Here's how to stop avoiding — and judging yourself for — anger, sadness and other unwanted feelings:

Watch Susan David's full TED Talk here:  
The things we can see only make up 5% of the universe.

The rest, however, is made of dark matter and dark energy. Here's how we know: 
"When you think like a mother, you prioritize the needs of the many, not the whims of the few." 

Watch @YifatSusskind's full talk here:  
Want to celebrate a mother or caregiver who has made a difference in your life? Tag them below!

Watch @annas_tea_'s full TED Talk here:  #MothersDay 
If your experience with mothers and motherhood doesn't fit neatly in a greeting card ... these talks are for you: 
More than 350 million people have asthma in the world — mostly due to air pollution and unsafe breathing conditions. 

Here's how one mom is working to change that: 
"I never once thought of myself as a battered wife. Instead, I was a very strong woman in love with a deeply troubled man." — Leslie Morgan Steiner

Watch the rest of this powerful TED Talk about domestic violence here:  
"I cannot imagine that there has ever been a more overparented and underprotected generation." — author Glennon Doyle 
What does it take to be a great leader? In this episode of @TEDRadioHour, First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon shares her personal lessons on winning and losing, and how it's shaped her. Listen on @Spotify:  
This unique solution is bringing life-saving information and care to pregnant women and their children in India. Here's how it works: 
"If I should have a daughter, instead of "Mom," she's going to call me "Point B," because that way she knows that no matter what happens, at least she can always find her way to me." - @kaysarahsera
 
Watch the full TED Talk here:  #MothersDay 
Wish you could fix your own phone without having to take it in or throw it away?

This episode of TED Business, explores the "right to repair" movement — and how it could help us fix more and waste less. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Looking for a memorable Mother's Day gift? 
🎁 Give a TED Membership! 
Throughout the year, mom can meet with our international community for a Member Book Club or attend special live conversations with TED Speakers. To gift, click here:  
The stigma around miscarriage and stillbirth forces parents to grieve and cope alone. Here are 3 ways that we can help end it: 
Plus, why some alcoholic beverages cause hangovers to be so. much. worse. 
Step 1: Take responsibility when things go right *and* wrong: 
Don't you wish there was a magic quiz that could tell you how to be happy again? 🤔 There is! 

Follow along this 4-part guide to assess your life and connect with what really matters in this episode of TED Health. Listen on @Stitcher:  
Survivors of violence can be 6 times more likely to be involved in violence again or be re-victimized. 

But by addressing the underlying trauma and giving them better access to mental health care, we can end this cycle: 
Turns out, when your mouth burns after you eat spicy foods ... it's because your brain thinks it's actually burning! 
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original."

Watch the late Sir Ken Robinson's full TED Talk here:  
Turns out, striving for perfection can actually have the opposite effect! 

Listen to this episode of WorkLife with @AdamMGrant to learn more about why we need to let go of this high expectations in order to truly succeed. Available on @ApplePodcasts:  
Thawing permafrost — like in the Arctic! — releases massive amounts of ancient, frozen carbon that can lead to more warming and more thaw.

Here's how scientists — and a coalition of Indigenous residents — are working to stop it: 
"Before Adam Driver was Kylo Ren in Star Wars, he was a United States Marine. 

Watch Adam's full TED Talk about bringing theater to the military:  #Maythe4th" 
"Is this job tough? You betcha. But it is not impossible. We're educators. We're born to make a difference."

Watch Rita Pierson's full TED Talk here:   #TeacherAppreciationWeek 
#DYK: 476-million Indigenous peoples look after 80 percent of our world’s biodiversity!? 

Here's how we can better protect people and the planet: 
The US Supreme Court decision protecting the right to abortion will likely be overturned soon. This attorney — who spent years fighting to uphold it — explains why it's happening now, and what's next: 
Here's how origami artists make amazingly complex shapes by folding just one piece of paper — up to hundreds of times! 
Expand your horizons — and your bookshelf — with these classic reads from around the world: 
From the daring to the stereotypes to the downright silly — there have been rules and laws about what we wear since the Middle Ages. 

Here's what the history of fashion reveals about our current clothing choices: 
Want to learn more about this year’s @TheAudaciousPrj cohort and how you can support them? 

Follow them here  [END 🧵]: @GlasswingInt @WoodwellClimate @Drive_Electric_ @codeforamerica @myAgroFarms @NooraHealth @IRAP @HelloCTCL @TenureFacility
From tackling climate change to modernizing voting to helping small farmers gain financial stability — here are 6 more talks from speakers whose amazing organizations are tackling some of the world's most urgent challenges. Watch them all here  [🧵5/6]: 
"We know that violence happens between people, but so does healing. That's where it starts." 

Here’s how mental health care plays a key role in stopping violence in Central America [🧵 4/6]: 
By 2030, there will be a shortage of trained health professionals and a growing demand for healthcare. So what can we do? 

Here’s how 1 organization is teaching family caregivers critical health skills so they can care for their loved ones [🧵 3/6]: 
How can we help refugees safely resettle in new communities after they’ve been displaced by war, violence and climate change? 

By getting them the legal help they need: [🧵 2/6]: 
We don’t just spread ideas — we help make them real!

Since 2018, TED’s @TheAudaciousPrj has helped 29 changemakers with bold ideas create change on a global scale — and today we’re thrilled to share 9 brand-new TED Talks with you! [🧵]: 
Tomorrow, we're going live on LinkedIn with the founder of @GirlsWhoCode, @reshmasaujani! Get specific with the ways you can advocate for yourself and others at this TED Membership event. 
RSVP here 👇 
 
From heavy water use and pesticide runoff to being flown thousands of miles in refrigerated cargo holds, cut flowers are anything but green: 
Here's what makes a fake fact *so* easy to believe: 
Artist @DanielLismore lives his life as a work of art. 

His clothes are constructed out of materials ranging from beer cans and plastic crystals to diamonds, royal silks and 2,000-year-old Roman rings. 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
"Truth is, heroes are often not guys in a cape. And my story suggests that we must look to the unexpected places when we are looking for entrepreneurs and leaders."
"I distanced myself as much as possible from the Asian stereotype by degrading my race and pretending I hated math. And the worst part was — it worked."

Watch the full talk from @CanwenXu here:  #AAPIHM 
"Being honest about how we feel does not make us weak; it makes us human."   #MentalHealthAwarenessMonth
Productivity and long work days do not go hand-in-hand: 
3 excuses we use to avoid starting big projects — and how to get past them: 
According to this neuroscientist, what we experience as reality is just our brain's "best guess." Here's what that means.

Watch the full talk here:  
Is it time for a digestion reset? These are the foods you should eat: 
Not surprising — people are buying clothes more than ever, and wearing them less! 

Here's how we can change that — and how it helps the planet: 
Looking to get ahead in your career? Rule #1: Don't be a jerk.

This episode of TED Business explores why being a respectful coworker can help you boost your career. Listen now on @TuneIn:  
Could these electronic pills be the future of medicine?

Watch the full, mind-blowing talk here:  
Do you want to give a TED Talk?
We’re looking for ideas from around the world. First up, the TED Idea Search Africa! Applications are open to anyone living on the African continent or of African descent. Submit your application by June 24, 2022. Apply now: 
If you have season allergies — you're going to want to watch this: 
Try watching this talk — and doing nothing else. (Gasp!) 
Grief is one the most powerful — and misunderstood —emotions. 

This episode of TED Health explores how humans handle loss — and how we can better support those who are grieving. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
For people with scars or disease- or trauma-related marks, medical tattoos are helping them reclaim their bodies and feel whole again: 
What lengths would you go to for love?

This story involves a human, a celestial princess and a river of stars that keep them apart (literally!): 
"These scars, they're not just a reminder of everything I've been through, but more so, everything that's in front of me."

Watch Alex Smith's full TED Talk here: 

(CW: graphic images) 
😍😍😍 
Have you ever thought about becoming a @TEDx organizer? Now's your chance! 

Learn more and apply here:  
Here's how the mRNA technology in COVID-19 vaccines could be used to help us fight the flu, cancer and more: 
Have you wondered what it’s like to go viral? Spoiler alert, it comes with its fair share of consequences. Hear how @BLCKSMTHdesign navigates the negativity that comes with internet fame. Listen to Conversations with People Who Hate Me on @ApplePodcasts:  
Wait! ✋🛑 Before you turn in your resignation  — ask yourself these questions:

1) Will speaking up change what I don't like?
2) Do my values align with my company?
3) What alternatives will fulfill my needs?

Here's why: 
A story of deception, love, heartbreak and transformation — in under 4 minutes: 
Most couples will experience arguments, jealousy and communication problems — but when are these warning signs of an unhealthy relationship?

Watch Katie Hood's full TED Talk here:  
These are zombies, right? 🧟🧟🧟

Turns out, the word didn't always mean monsters who eat brains. 

Here's where it came from — and why it changed: 
If starting your own business feels daunting, let this talk inspire you to keep going — and not take 'no' for an answer: 
Not sure how to perfect your "pitch" for a new job, promotion, or idea? We got you.

This episode of WorkLife with @AdamMGrant explores what makes other people interested in our ideas and how to nail your presentation every time. Listen on @amazonmusic:  
So excited to hear @DrJenGunter on @GlennonDoyle’s podcast — AND to let you know that a brand new season of Body Stuff with Dr. Jen Gunter premieres on May 11th! 

Subscribe now on @ApplePodcasts so you don’t miss it:  
Companies are discovering a shorter workweek can boost productivity, improve recruitment and retention *and* prevent burnout: 
Do you know your life's purpose? The best way to find out might be to quiz your friends!

Watch the full discussion with @SimonSinek here:  
What is really happening in galaxies far, far away? 

Here's how the @NASAWebb Telescope will help us find that out: 
What will our lives look like in the future? From nomadic living to widespread sustainability, geopolitical futurist @paragkhanna has some likely predictions. Get a fascinating glimpse at the future during our next live TED Member event. Signup here:  
Do you feel like it's time to say goodbye to Twitter ( ... or Facebook ... or Instagram...)?

Here are the pros and cons of doing so: 
Today, Elon Musk reached a deal to buy Twitter. Here’s what he said 2 weeks ago at #TED2022 about some changes he’d like to make to it.

Watch his full conversation with @TEDChris here:  
Here are some coping strategies that just make anxiety worse — and what to do instead: 
Climate change is wreaking havoc on small farms in India, making it hard for farmers to make a living. Could a low-cost “greenhouse-in-a-box” could be the solution? 

Learn more on the latest episode of TED Tech. Listen on @Spotify:  
#DYK: A cockroach can squeeze into spaces less than a quarter of its height. (So gross, yet so impressive!) 
How can this color-blind artist hear a symphony of color — and even listen to faces and paintings?

Watch the full talk here:  
The idea that married people are happier and healthier than single people is unfounded. 
The answer also explains why we're *so bad* at multi-tasking: 
"If you want the future to be good, you must make it so. Take action to make it good, and it will be."  — @ElonMusk  

Watch his exclusive conversation with head of TED @TEDchris — filmed at Tesla's Texas Gigafactory — here: 
This writer asked 16,000 people in 105 countries what regrets kept them up at night. One of the top answers? Not staying connected to important people in their lives. 
Couples who sustain strong sexual connections over multiple decades have these 2 things in common. 

Watch Emily Nagoski's full talk here:  
"People asked, 'How could you not know? What kind of a mother were you?' I still ask myself those same questions." 
#HappyBirthdayShakespeare! 🥳 Celebrate with a break down of The Bard's very best smack talk: 
“Humans and AI [can] come together to achieve outcomes that neither one could do alone on their own.” — AI expert Shervin Khodabandeh 
What makes a job a “good” job? (Hint: it’s not just the size your of your paycheck!)

In this episode of TED Business, Warren Valdmanis explains why investing in people is key. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Thanks @ApplePodcasts for featuring TED Climate as part of your #EarthDay round up! 🌍🥰

Listen to it here:  
To prevent future pandemics, @BillGates says we must invest in 3 things *now*:

1. Disease monitoring
2. Research and development
3. Health systems

Watch his full talk to learn more:  
Here's why restoring forests could be one of humanity's greatest weapons against climate change:  #EarthDay
These bird's-eye view images of Earth are both incredible *and* incredibly unsettling: 
“I wonder if the sun debates dawn some mornings not wanting to rise out of bed from under the down feather horizon” — Naima Penniman @soulfirefarm

This #EarthDay, celebrate the beauty of our 🌎  — and take action to save it. Watch more from @TEDCountdown:  
Tropical forests are one of our most important carbon sinks — absorbing over 20% of the global carbon pollution produced by fossil fuels! Here's how we can save them: 
"From TikTok trends to songs and humor, we see so much erasure of what Black people have created, so I want to do everything in my power to prevent the erasure of Blackness from twerking."

Watch @Lizzo's full TED Talk here:  
How do emergency room doctors stay so calm and focused?

In the latest episode of TED Health Season 2, longtime physician Darria Long offers her top tips for dealing with stress — and how you can use them in your every day life. Listen now on @Stitcher:  
Climate change is a *planetary* emergency! 🌎🔥 Thankfully, there's still hope! 😌

Watch climate impact scholar Johan Rockström's full @TEDCountdown Talk here:  
Here's how life began on our planet — which was originally covered in volcanos and encased in a deadly atmosphere: 
The stunning results of Sebastião Salgado's eight-year odyssey to travel the world and photograph humans, animals and nature in all their glory: 
What if climbing the “career ladder” was actually limiting our potential? At our next Membership event, we will be exploring how uncertainty and possibility can open up your career to new opportunities. To RSVP, get an annual TED Membership here:  
Here's what happens in your body when you smoke weed: 
"I learned that my voice has power — and when I bet on myself, change is possible." 

Watch track-and-field GOAT @AllysonFelix's full TED Talk about how she's shown that motherhood and athleticism are indeed compatible:  
"This is not chess. But sometimes things are black and white. Sometimes you have to fight for what you believe. Or you lose it." - Chess Grandmaster Garry Kasparov (@Kasparov63) 
Just gonna take a quick nap. 

*Wakes up 5 hours later* 
"If we wait until our generation — Generation Z — is old enough to be in power, it will be far too late to address [the climate] crisis." — @Jamie_Margolin
 
In what ways do you wish your workplace could be more flexible — beyond *when* and *where* you work?

Host Adam Grant explores the reality and potential of on-the-job autonomy in this episode of WorkLife. Listen now on @Spotify:  
Raise your hand if you've gotten up to go to the bathroom but turned around to get your phone first 😳  ... 
Want to have deeper, more meaningful conversations with the people in your life? Start with how you listen. 

Watch @HrishiHirway's full TED Talk here:  
"It turns out that when we act generously towards others, that tends to increase our happiness."

Watch Jamil Zaki's full TED Talk to learn more about you can break out of the cycle of cynicism:  
Are plant-based milks like oat, almond and soy *really* healthier? 
If you save less than 5% of your income — or don't have an emergency fund, these tips could help: 
"I'm motivated by curiosity more than anything  — and just a desire to think about the future and not be sad." 

Watch the exclusive interview with @TEDChris and @ElonMusk to learn about Musk's vision for the future, on Earth *and* on Mars:  
What can you do when everything is overwhelming? 

1) Focus on what you can control
2) Invest in joy
3) Believe in hope 

Here's how: 
"To my surprise, writing haiku brought me back to something I hadn’t felt for a long time — the sheer, elemental joy of playing with words." #HaikuPoetryDay 
 #HaikuPoetryDay
As the saying goes, you can't un-boil an egg ... But, actually, you can: 
A brief, action-packed history of the English language: 
Not only are tiny homes adorable 😍, but they can reduce per-person carbon pollution by 70% over a lifespan. 

Here's what else you should know: 
"Poetry is always at the pulse of the most dangerous and most daring questions that a nation or a world might face." - 
@TheAmandaGorman 
"Speak up if you're struggling. Being honest about how we feel does not make us weak; it makes us human."

Watch @SanguDelle's full TED Talk here:  
#ICYMI: Watch @ElonMusk’s live unedited #TED2022 interview with Head of TED @TEDChris — on everything from Twitter to Tesla and more! Watch here: 
When you have a loved one whose beliefs make it difficult to have a relationship with them, should you cut them out — or is there another way? 

Watch Betty Hart's full talk here:  
"Emotions create habits. Not repetition. Not frequency. Not fairy dust." — behavior scientist @bjfogg 
Are you an introvert or an extrovert? Here are some intriguing differences between the two: 
The world's longest current is called the Global Conveyor Belt — really — and it snakes across the entire globe. 
Have you ever wondered if your soulmate is out there — even if you're in a great relationship? This one's for you: 
How would Elon Musk change Twitter if he were to buy it? First, he’d make it open source. Watch @ElonMusk’s wide ranging live #TED2022 interview with @TEDChris on @YouTube here:  
“As long as our children keep learning and our teachers keep teaching — even while they are starving in shelters under bombardment, even in refugee camps — we are undefeated.” —Zoya Lytvyn 
We know climate change affects our environment and our bodies — but what about how it affects our mental health?

Watch Brit Wray's full TED Talk here:  
@TobiasHocke @TEDchris @elonmusk Thanks for asking! Please email ukraine at ted dot com
NOW LIVE: Elon Musk on the #TED2022 stage. Tune in here: 
@RyanZohoury @TeslaJoy @_bennettm_ @elonmusk @TEDchris @WholeMarsBlog Yes, we put it up on YouTube as well! You can watch here: 
If you are unable to access our LiveStream to watch Elon Musk at #TED2022 , we are also streaming on TED's @YouTube page. Watch here: 
@cellardogg @TEDchris @elonmusk He's coming up!
Thanks for tuning in! Elon Musk will be up soon. Watch here: 
@TiaNiculescu @HeidiBriones @TEDchris @elonmusk Hi there — The link is should be live free. Let us know if you're having problems accessing it.
@HeidiBriones @TEDchris @elonmusk Yes, it's correct. Elon is coming soon!
@epionox @TEDchris @elonmusk Yes!
Inside the fascinating human phenomenon known as the conjunction fallacy. Hint: It has nothing to do with grammar: 
@TaylorD09882123 The link will be live at 9:45AM PT.
@yesuoRadnoR Yes, it does not go live until 9:45AM PT.
@TEDchris @elonmusk We're so excited to have you join! Please use this link at 9:45AM PT: 
EXCLUSIVE: Elon Musk is speaking live at #TED2022 at 9:45AM PT— and you’re invited! Join the last session of this year’s TED Conference streaming, potentially featuring another surprise guest. Anything can happen! Tune in: 
“Women, unlike men, are rarely perceived to be both competent and likable.” 
No, listening to sad music doesn't make you sadder. 

It's quite the opposite, actually: 
Here's why we see patterns in almost everything (even if they don't mean anything). 
When you become a TED Member, you contribute to our mission of educating millions of people around the world through powerful ideas. If you share our passion for ideas, join our TED Membership community to support our work. Get started here:  
Bamboo makes bed sheets, musical instruments — and these magical homes: 
If we could obtain the recipe of life — the secret to sparking life on other planets! — what should we do with that knowledge? 

Astrobiologist Betül Kaçar weighs in on this out-of-this-world ethical dilemma: 
Thinking about joining in on the Great Resignation? Before you do, listen to this so you don’t feel the Great Regret. Learn when and how to quit your job on this episode of WorkLife with @AdamMGrant. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
"Sometimes, the poem is so bright, your silly language will not stick to it. Sometimes, the poem is so true, nobody will believe you." — 
@kaysarahsera

Watch Sarah's full TED Talk here:  
The world isn't going to slow down — but you can: 
What if tiny microparticles could help us solve the world's biggest problems in a matter of minutes? It might sound like sci-fi, but quantum computers could make it possible!

Listen to the latest episode of TED Tech on @Spotify to learn more:  
“This is not chess. But sometimes things are black and white.” — @Kasparov63

Watch chess grandmaster Gary Kasparov's powerful #TED2022 talk on Russia and the war in Ukraine here:  
When you ask someone "Where are you from?" — what are you really asking them? 

Watch the full TED Talk from @taiyeselasi here:  
Looks delicious! 😋 
@Shimandfroggy @ilissaocko Love this!
We’re delighted to welcome #UNDISTRACTED, the podcast hosted by @mspackyetti, to the #TED2022 conference! Producers @treasurefbrooks @cindi_leive are on the ground recording interviews with TED Speakers, so be on the lookout for these very special episodes.
Here's how much water your body *really* needs every day: 
Here's how to keep your voice calm and strong — even when you feel the opposite.  
From job interviews to public speaking, here are some tips for staying calm in stressful situations: 
EXCLUSIVE: Watch Bill Gates and other inspiring speakers take the TED stage to share their ideas! For the first time, annual TED Members will get early access to a session from the #TED2022 conference! Signup for an annual TED Membership here:  
Here's why sweet stuff always leaves you craving more: 
Your emotional baggage isn't just inside of you — it could lying around your house, too:  
This artist planted 1,000 trees to create the paper that 100 authors will use to write books over the span of 100 years, only to be read in the year 2114. 

Here's why: 
Feel like you need to spice things up in the bedroom? You're not alone! This survey showed 50% of people are sexually bored — and women are 2x as likely to be bored within the first year of a relationship! 

Here's what you can do to keep the fire alive: 
Can artificial intelligence be safe and responsible? 🤔 

We sat down with an ethical AI expert to learn how the future of 🤖 technology is evolving! Listen to this episode of TED Tech on @TuneIn:  
Ever wonder why some cuts disappear but others leave behind scars that last a lifetime? 
Yes, the fashion industry is one of the largest contributors to climate change. 

Here's how rethinking the way we make and source leather goods could reduce that impact: 
"A lot of you thought overpopulation was going to be a problem in 100 years. It might be underpopulation."

Watch Wajahat Ali's full talk to learn why:  
Here's a point to ponder: What exactly are we measuring when we measure time? 
A bra that can monitor heart health!? It's real!

Learn how this life-saving gadget could help close the gender gap in cardiovascular research and usher women's health care into the 21st century. 

Listen to this episode of TED Health on @Spotify:  
Feeling stressed or distracted lately? It's OK! 

In this episode of TED Business, psychology professor Amishi Jha explains what helps your brain actually pay attention — as well as some simple techniques for boosting its power.

Listen on @Spotify:  
“These are pretty tough times. What if we could inspire each other — especially the people we partner with — to become more thoughtful, more loving versions of ourselves?"


"What's it like to be a baby? It's like being in love in Paris for the first time after you've had three double-espressos." - psychologist @AlisonGopnik 
Is there value in building things you know will fail? According to this inventor, yes.

Watch Simone Giertz's full TED Talk here:  
"We're all just radios hoping to pick up each other's signals." - @RosanneCash

Watch this moving talk and performance on memory and the creative process here: 
"No one else will save the future for us." 

Watch Luisa Neubauer’s (@Luisamneubauer) full TED Talk here:  
Join us for a TED first! Live from the #TED2022 conference, @dylanmarron will be guest hosting an episode of the podcast Design Matters with Abbi Jacobson. Get access to this exclusive livestream with a TED Membership. To secure your ticket, RSVP here:  
Ancient Egyptians treated scorpion stings and even predicted pregnancy!?! Here's how they did it: 
And what even is an ambivert?!? 
How long does it take to get over a break up? What makes a friendship last? These are just some of the Qs @MonaChalabi has answered on"Am I Normal?"!

So, what do you want to know? Email, call or reply here — and your question could be answered on the next season of the podcast! 
Yes, there are reasons to be optimistic about our climate future (Really!): 
This hotel has an infinite number of rooms, but they're totally booked! Huh? 
Love this! Haven't listened to Am I Normal with @MonaChalabi yet? Check it out on @spotifypodcasts:  
Interesting question from our friends @nprcoffeeclub. What do you think? 
@nprcoffeeclub @TEDRadioHour 
Chocolate production is contributing to climate change — and climate change is threatening chocolate production! Here's how we can make this industry more sustainable: 
Do you see the big picture, or are you better at zooming in on the small details? Here's how to get better at *both*: 
The metaverse is a place where we could be spend a lot of time in the future — so shouldn't we have a say in how it is built, who owns it and whether it's diverse and equitable?

Yes! And here's how:
Do you pour yourself a hefty cup of ambition each morning? @DollyParton sure does!

In this episode of WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, she speaks about her creative process and what it takes to get things done *right*. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
It’s increasingly likely that the US Supreme Court decision protecting the right to abortion will be overturned in the next year. This attorney — who spent years fighting to uphold it — explains why: 
It's true: In the case of a solar storm, it could wipe out and devastate our interconnected, electrical planet! 

Here's what we're doing to stop that: 
If you've had trouble meditating in the past, this one's for you: 
"Grit is passion and perseverance for very long-term goals. Grit is having stamina. Grit is sticking with your future, day in, day out."

Watch Angela Lee Duckworth's full TED Talk here:  
"Turns out that humor is a teachable skill, and one of the most under-appreciated assets at work."

Watch the full TED Talk from Jennifer @Aaker and @nbagdonas to learn more:  
Why are we so obsessed with age? Here's how we can fight ageism by being more empathetic to our future selves: 
We'll give you a clue: It has nothing to do with her appearance — and everything to do with why she went missing for nearly 2 years: 
And will cracking them *really* give you arthritis? 
This is the power of accepting your negative emotions. 

Watch @SusanDavid_PhDs full TED Talk here:  
What is it really like to live in Pakistan? This photographer set out to tell the story of his country and culture rarely seen in news stories — with stunning results! 
"Those with hearing loss face daily battles to communication access, and those barriers are put up daily for them. And music shouldn't be one of them." 
Songwriters aren't getting a fair deal in the age of streaming. Here's how the music business needs to change: 
A warming planet is just not cool. 

In this episode of TED Business, a sustainable development expert shares 4 ways we can implement new solutions to cooling technologies that are good for us and the Earth. 

Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
"Instead of looking for hope, look for action. Then, and only then, hope will come ... Everything needs to change, and it has to start today."

Watch the full talk from @GretaThunberg here:  
Forget about the stairway to heaven, we'll be taking the elevator to the stars!  
Want to live a more connected, awakened and fulfilling life? Ask yourself these questions: 
No joke — the word "comedy" comes from the ancient Greek words "komos" and "oide". 

They also invented many of the modern comedic techniques still used today! 
Want to help or support refugees from Ukraine, Syria and other countries around the world? Here's where to start: 
This is no #AprilFoolsDay joke — there really *is* a song about NASA almost sending 100 tampons into space with Sally Ride. And @MarciaBelsky performed it live on the TED stage! 

Watch it and more of her delightfully funny songs here: 
Playwright @YveBlake became *obsessed* with learning about fangirls because of her friend's little sister's unbridled enthusiasm for Harry Styles.

Here's what it taught her about the passion *and* power of super fans:  
Are there any leadership lessons we can learn from the crisis happening in Ukraine? 

In this brand new episode of WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, the former US ambassador to Russia shares insightful lessons on what's happening. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Spoiler: The roots of modern English are based on words borrowed from French, Latin, Old Norse and other languages.

Here's how those words have changed over 6,000 years: 
"Understanding how violence and conflict affects and changes people is more important than ever." - @ZarlashtH 
"Whenever people ask me why trans people are suddenly everywhere, I just want to tell them that we've been here. "

Watch @nourypublic's full TED Talk here:  #TransVisibilityDay 
Sometimes, showing someone compassion means calling them out on their worst behavior. Here's why: 
Here's how digital cartoons are changing movie and TV writing and bring new voices and stories into the spotlight: 
It gets personal in this podcast episode of Conversations with People Who Hate Me. Podcast host @dylanmarron speaks to an acquaintance who is critical of this podcast and his new book. Listen to how Dylan navigates this on @Stitcher:  
Tip 1: Try not to use food as a reward or a punishment: 
"People with disabilities are the largest minority in the world, and we are the most underrepresented in entertainment." - @maysoonzayid  
We know you're itching to know this answer: 
This speaker didn't believe in male privilege — until she came out as trans and started living life as a woman: 
How do we eliminate our reliance on fossil fuels? By using resources and knowledge we already have!

In this episode of TED Tech, explore the world of geothermal energy. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
5 x (7 -2) + (8+1) = ???

Need to brush up on your math skills first? Watch this quick video, and then come back to solve. (We'll wait.) 


Do you know your life's purpose? The best way to find out might be to quiz your friends!

Watch the full discussion with @SimonSinek here:  
What did World War I fighter pilots learn from geese? How did fish help engineers make wind farms more efficient at producing energy? 

Here’s a hint: It’s all about using energy:
✉️ We would love to invite you to our next Membership mixer happening tomorrow! Pull up a (virtual) chair for a moment to deepen your connection with fellow curious, life-long learners from around the world. To sign up, become a Member here:  
This Deaf artist is on a mission to show how sound can be felt, seen and experienced as an idea. 

Watch @chrisunkim's full TED Talk here:  
How could we imagine our way to a better future?

Join us Tuesday 3/29 at 12:30PM ET on @Clubhouse to hear @KateRobinson89 — daughter of the late Sir Ken Robinson — and TTD’s @elisewho discuss her father’s legacy and how it can show us a path forward:
 
Have a hard time understanding cryptocurrency? This speaker's explanation is the GOAT! 🐐 (Literally!) 
Plenty of people around the world already eat silkworms, locusts and other crunchy critters. 🐛  Here are some other foods you might have to get used to in the future: 
But also how do you prove when you're awake? 🧐 
@franklinleonard Amazing! 😍
Want to better support trans and non-binary people? Here are 5 things to consider: 
This is what Judge Victoria Pratt learned while presiding over the "worst" courtroom in Newark. 

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
It's not just annoying. Snoring can be a sign of something more dangerous ... 
"Who can see me and my Black trans kin in the skin we are in? Who dares to love us, who holds us close?"

Watch @DrDLStewart's full TED Talk here:  
"We have to unite, to come together, to figure out why barriers are there in the first place." — @Candace_Parker 
Starting by banishing the "F" word from your vocabulary — you know, "fine": 
Let these stunning photos of the night sky bring you a sense of calm and wonder: 
In the age of song-sharing platforms, the last musical woe a musician wants is a lawsuit against their new tune — but with only a finite number of melodic options, it's highly likely. 

Here's why that *shouldn't* be the case: 
It's true: Humor is a secret superpower in every area of life — especially work! 

Learn how you can use it to build bonds, power, creativity and resilience in this episode of TED Business. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Yes! 💪🙌 
Spoiler: We did it to ourselves. 

But you'd be surprised by how many ways pigeons have helped humanity over the years... 
Could a *swamp* be a climate solution *and* help Africa develop a new economy? 

Yes! And here's how: 
Forget a seat at the table, it's time to build a whole new table.

In this episode of TED Talks Daily, @Lilly shares 4 ways we can build a more inclusive society where girls are encouraged and empowered to do great things. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Productivity and long work days do not go hand-in-hand:  
Plus, how much exercise do you really need to see these benefits? (It's less than you might think.) 
Fun fact: A wind farm of 200 turbines could power over 150,000 American homes— or 300,000 European homes— for an entire year! 
"Every great and difficult thing that has been accomplished, every breakthrough — has required a very strong sense of optimism that it was possible."  
Former UCLA Women's Gymnastics Coach Valorie Kondos Field calls for a time-out on "win at all costs" culture. 

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
What do you need to know about COVID vaccines? In this episode of Conversations with People Who Hate Me, Dylan Marron sits down with a vaccine skeptic and a doctor to talk about vaccine hesitancy — and what we can do about it. Listen on @Stitcher:  
The late Madeline Albright was the first female US Secretary of State. In this 2010 conversation, she looks back at her career and her lasting legacy as an advocate of women’s issues:  
Looking for more perspective-shifting books or have a recommendation of your own? Join our next TED Membership event tomorrow at 12pm ET! RSVP by becoming a member here: 
Author @A_B_Morgan read 196 (!!!) books from 196 countries — and it changed the way she saw the world! Here's a handy guide to help you take a literary journey of your very own: 
To become a US Supreme Court Justice, you have to be:

1. Nominated by the President
2. Approved by the Senate
3. Be appointed to court (by the POTUS)

And that's just the beginning: 
Have questions about Ukraine? Want to know how to negotiate a salary? Concerned about fake news?

We hear you! The latest episodes of After Hours can help you dive into these topics and more. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
The war in Ukraine could change history. In this wide-ranging interview, historian @harari_yuval looks at the past, present and future of the conflict — and what it means for the entire world.

Watch the full TED Membership conversation here:   
No, listening to sad music doesn't make you sadder. 

It's quite the opposite, actually: 
If you want credible, trustworthy news — and who doesn't!? — then this is for you: 
Waste not: Drinking 🚽 water could be in your future — and it's not as gross as you think! #WorldWaterDay 
What was the last book you read? 📚 Comment below 👇
At our next TED Membership event, we're talking about the books that made you see the world differently. Become a TED Member to unlock this special event and other member benefits:  
Would you tell all your secrets to a robot? 🤫🤖

This episode of TED Tech explores how machines may help you be more open and honest about your feelings than with actual humans!

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Human trafficking and sexual violence continue to harm millions of women and girls around the world. Here's how one photojournalist is using their powerful images to share their stories and help change the narrative: 

"Getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs they like the taste of air." 

Celebrate #WorldPoetryDay with this classic performance from 
@kaysarahsera. 

Watch the full talk here:  
You don't need fancy planters, expensive lights, or even a yard to start growing veggies at home:  
Weird, but true: It wasn't until 1967 that the world's countries decided on the length of a second. 
Octopods can solve puzzles, learn through observation *and* use tools – just like humans! 
Celebrate #WomensHistoryMonth with some amazing stories of women of color in STEM, from nuclear chemist Clarice Phelps — the first African-American woman involved in the discovery of a chemical element: 
Spring cleaning? Here's how to figure out what unwanted items you should donate, sell or toss: 
Here's a 4-part guide to find your purpose and what matters most in your life:  #InternationalDayOfHappiness
Are we really the only intelligent species in the universe or are there actually other life forms 👽 ?

This astronomer tells us why he believes we're all alone:  
"If we understand what people regret the most, we actually can understand what they value the most."

Watch Daniel H. Pink's full TED Membership conversation here:  
Electric cars have actually been around since the late 1800s! Here's why these clean vehicles vanished from the roads — and why they took so long to come back: 
A future with fully autonomous, eco-friendly shuttles — that don't clog up streets! — is closer than you think: 
Your stuff will never bring you lasting happiness! Here's how to lighten the load: 
Sure, cities and tech hubs (like Silicon Valley) are known for their amazing talent and innovative tools. 

But they're not the only ones: 
There are some incredible worlds that exist in the depths of our Earth! 

In this episode of @TEDRadioHour explore underwater caves, ancient soil — and learn how these hidden worlds can affect our every day lives. 

Listen now on @Spotify:  
"Think of change as a tree. It doesn't grow from the top down. So we shouldn't be waiting for somebody to tell us what to do."

Watch Gloria Steinem's full TED Talk here:  
@carlosduartephd Congratulations! 🎉
Yes, the optimal sleep amount is between 7 and 9 hours per night. 

And there's a reason you shouldn't sleep less *or* more than that:  #WorldSleepDay
1. Assume good intentions from others: 
How do we prepare for the next pandemic?

In this episode of TED Health, infectious disease epidemiologist Jennifer B. Nuzzo unpacks data and the defenses we need to keep future threats at bay. Listen on @amazonmusic:  
Why does your company or employer do what it does? Here's *why* it's so important that you find out: 
Energy security is a major issue — and it's at the center of both the war in Ukraine and our climate crisis. 

Read this to get a better understanding of the subject *and* how we need to respond: 
What can Dolly Parton teach us about life? A lot, actually: 
This scientist is turning Ireland's deep-sea coral into the medicines of the future. 

Here's how his work could protect humanity *and* coral reefs: 
This is a classic little tale of a giant rivalry between Ireland and Scotland and the infamous rock formations known as the Giant's Causeway: 
"I am just one of millions of people who have been told that in order to fulfill my dreams, in order to contribute my talents to the world, I have to resist the truth of who I am."

Watch @AmericaFerrera's full talk here:  
The Marshall Islands is home to 60,000 people who rely on the surrounding bodies of water for their livelihoods, but rising sea levels are putting their home at risk.

Here is one young person’s passionate plea for solutions beyond migration: 
Being the main character can come with a lot of hate. For Michael Schneider, aka “balloon guy” or @BLCKSMTHdesign, when his following grew so did the hate. Listen as he navigates a toxic comment section on Conversations with People Who Hate Me on @Spotify:  
It's not just you. Your rude coworker might *actually* be ruining the company. 

Watch Christine Porath's full TED Talk here:  
Besides creating burry lines between much-needed work-life boundaries — there are 2 other reasons why it's time to erase the term "work-family" from your company's vocabulary: 
This riddle is out-of-this-world tricky! 👽 Let us know if you get it. 
Access to affordable childcare is a problem for parents around the world. 

In this episode of TED Business, Chris Bennett (@8ennett) explores how we can connect families to  high-quality care in their communities. 

Listen on @Stitcher:  
What's the secret recipe to building a creative and magical business? A dash of sugar, a pinch of rule-breaking and a whole lot of women. 

Watch @MilkBarStore founder, @ChristinaTosi's full TED Talk here:  
This journalist spent 30 years studying gender injustice — and here's what he learned about manhood and toxic masculinity: 
This tool can help you hit the brakes when you are feeling overwhelmed *and* help you better tap into your best self. 

Go ahead and try it! 
It’s still a mystery how engineers flooded the arena to create this aquatic spectacle — but this story is pretty interesting: 
In the 3 weeks since the invasion of Ukraine began, 2 million citizens have fled their homes. 

In this TED Membership conversation, geopolitical analyst @IanBremmer shares what else has changed — and what could still be on the horizon:  
No, it's not science-fiction. These self-evolving robots could help us explore new planets or the deepest parts of our oceans! 
Longing and sorrow can be difficult emotions to navigate, but they can also be transformative. Author @susancain joins us to share how you can use these bittersweet emotions to better understand yourself during this special TED Member event. RSVP here:  
Here's why scientists will never, ever figure out the exact value of pi — no matter how close they seem to get: 
There are some coping strategies that may just be making your anxiety worse — here's what to do instead: 
People who lie tend to use these 4 speech patterns. Here's how to spot them: 
In this episode of TED Health, accessibility champion Jane Velkovski shares how his first motorized wheelchair empowered him — and how he's fighting for access to assistive tech for people with disabilities around the world.

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Want to know how to effectively label, listen to, and accept *all* of your emotions?

Watch Susan David's full TED Talk to find out:  
When we lose 1 hour of sleep due to Daylight Saving Time, there is a 24% relative increase in heart attacks! 😱

Here's what else you should know: 
"Every human has the right to walk through this life with their full humanity intact." — @TaranaBurke

Watch her full TED Talk about the #MeToo movement here:  
Hooray — today is @TED_ED's 10th birthday! 🥳 🎈

To celebrate #10YearsofTEDEd, we're sharing the 10 most popular animations from the past 10 years. 

Don't see your favorite? Drop it in the comments below ⬇️ 
Their pointy spines are one key to its survival — but not for the reason you might think: 
This episode of @TEDRadioHour takes a deeper dive into how our relationship with work has changed — and what comes next:  
What are the global implications of the war in Ukraine?

Geopolitical analyst @IanBremmer breaks down what has already changed — and what changes could still be on the horizon.

Watch the full TED Membership conversation here: 
Think you'd make it in 19th century school? Pass this test to find out: 
What if you could travel through time to see a more vivid and clear picture of your life? Well, you can! 

This unique approach can help you better plan for whatever lies ahead: 
Let's be honest: mosquitoes... suck. 

Here's why understanding our relationship with them is important to our health — and the health of our cities: 
The things that make us laugh are a lot older than you think!

Here's how this writer from ancient Greece invented comedic techniques still used today: 
These incredible disappearing creatures use their unique brains to make over 100 camouflaging decisions in a two-hour forage. 

Watch Roger Hanlon's full TED Talk here:   
“Black women have been erased, misrecognized, misrepresented [yet] we have still created incredible change. So now we’re asking that we be heard." - sociologist Anna Malaika Tubbs (@annas_tea_) 
@umaitree ... can we say all of them?
PS - TED Talks are very well researched and fact checked — AND we also are huge fans of fun: 
We're totally here for more of @MrBobOdenkirk's TED Talks on bananas! 🍌

What would your improvised TED Talk be about? 
Starting now 👇 
This term describes millions of people around the globe. Here's what it really means — and where it came from: 
Before you give a child their first smartphone, read this: 
The perfect resume isn't everything. Watch Regina Hartley's full TED Talk here:  
Are you a fan of fanfiction? Here's how these inventive works of fiction using popular characters are helping young people embrace their creativity: 
Have you ever wondered what redlining in the US is — or how it was created?

Then this is the lesson for you: 
What do you do when everything is overwhelming? 

1) Focus on what you can control
2) Invest in joy
3) Believe in hope


Have you ever argued with someone at work? These two colleagues spoke to each other for the first time to try to mend their relationship since their fallout online. Hear how they did it on Conversations with People Who Hate Me. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
To function properly, your body actually needs to fast for at least 12 hours a day. Here's why: 
As the conflict in Ukraine continues to mount, so do our questions. Political scientist @ianbremmer joins TED to take a closer look at the global implications of this war. Learn more and RSVP to this TED Member event here:  
If a country's lawmakers don't take gender into consideration when deciding on budgets, are they really serving everyone? 

Here's why gender needs to be a factor — and why we'll all benefit as result: 
Ida B. Wells was born into slavery, but grew up to become a school teacher,  investigative journalist and a leader in the Civil Rights and Women’s Suffrage Movements. This is her story: 
Forget getting a seat at the table, says creator and producer @Lilly Singh. If we want a truly equal world for women and girls, we need to build better tables!

Watch her full TED Talk here:  #IWD2022 
"These are the young women who will go forth to build the world we all want to see." - @EmilyPilloton 
Tune-in to TED's @Clubhouse club tomorrow March 8 at 2PM ET for a special #InternationalWomensDay conversation between TED Current Affairs curator @WhitPennRod and @GirlsWhoCode founder @ReshmaSaujani. 

Learn more and sign up:  
What's the sound of one hand clapping? Well, this won't answer that koan — but it will tell you what we can all learn from them: 
@JenMLynch Exactly!
Smart ways to help build yourself up: 
If you need help making new friends, are healing after a breakup, or just want to cry it out, these talks are for you: 
Chronic stress can damage virtually every part of your body. Watch this — and then take some deep breaths: 
1 in 3 US seniors die from Alzheimer's — but this emerging brain wave technology could help change that! Here's how it works: 
“If other people don't listen to me, that doesn't matter. Because as long as I keep on fighting, I know that they will at some point.” — @Malala Yousafzai

Watch her full conversation on the power of youth activism and the importance of girls' education:  
This writer asked 16,000 people in 105 countries what regrets kept them up at night. One of the top answers? Not staying connected to important people in their lives. 
This survey showed that 50% of people are sexually bored or on the brink of boredom — and women are 2x as likely to be bored — within the first year of a relationship! 

Here's what you can do to keep the fire alive: 
#DYK: The gravity from Earth reaches as far as the International Space Station?!? 

And the reason that astronauts feel weightless there is because the space station is constantly falling towards Earth! 🤯

If you've had trouble meditating in the past, this one's for you: 
Here's what you need to know about what's happening in Ukraine, according to historian @harari_yuval. Plus, the ways that the war could change the entire world: 
Want other people to care about climate change? Speak from the heart.

Watch Katharine Hayhoe's full TED Talk here:  
The UN released a new IPCC report on the climate crisis this week. TL;DR: Things look bad. 😬  

Here's what the world needs to do — now! — to prevent the worst from happening: 
How should we define the word "family"? This lawyer makes the case for why it's time for the US to recognize a new definition that includes the people we choose — and not just those related to us by blood or marriage: 
You may be getting enough sleep, but are you getting enough rest?

In this episode of @TEDRadioHour, explore the ways we nourish our minds and bodies through different forms of rest. 

Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
“Love is more than just an emotion. It’s a capacity, a verb, an endlessly renewable resource.”

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
We want to hear from you! If you're interested in getting a sneak peek at some of the things we're testing, sign up to be considered for our (remote) research:  
"We women have to start practicing bravery, too. We cannot teach our girls until we teach ourselves." 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
How can we better help young people who are struggling?

In this episode of TED Health, @TEDFellow Tom Osborn shares how his work helping kids in Kenya with their mental health could become a template for communities around the world.

Listen on @Stitcher:  
Hint: It's not about the answer — it's about *how* you get there: 
Cow burps are a big source of methane, a major greenhouse gas — but scientists have found a smart way to make them less, er, gassy. 

Hint: It’s green and slimy and grows in the ocean! 
Happening now! 😍

Tune in on @Clubhouse:  
@DollyParton is an iconic musician, legendary business-woman, and author! *And* she will be joining @AdamMGrant in TED’s @Clubhouse room for a special live taping of WorkLife. Live at 2:15PM ET. Tune in here:  
Of the 100 most powerful solutions to reversing global warming, "educating girls" ranked higher than both solar panels and electric cars!

Here's why: 
Could a smart city help us better control pollution — and improve public health? Yes!

Here's what needs to happen to make it a reality: 
#DYK: Before 2018, only two women had ever won the Nobel Prize in physics!

Here's what else you should know about these amazing scientists:  #WomensHistoryMonth
Get ready! @DollyParton is joining @AdamMGrant on Thursday 3/3 at 2:15PM ET on @Clubhouse to discuss her creative process, new album and new book! Don’t miss this live podcast taping of WorkLife with Adam Grant.

RSVP here:  
The war in Ukraine could change history. In this wide-ranging interview, historian @harari_yuval looks at the past, present and future of the conflict — and what it means for the entire world.

Watch the full TED Membership conversation here:  
You might be familiar with the striking gaze of her self-portraits — but do you know who Frida Kahlo really was? 
3 questions that could change your understanding of the "real" world: 
Imagine having birthday cake every day — and not just on your birthday! You can, says @milkbarstore’s @ChristinaTosi. 

Here’s how breaking the rules can turn regular moments into ones that are extraordinary: 
She wasn't just the first female software engineer at NASA — she was *the* first software engineer at NASA, period. 
Be a force of change at work! Learn how you can help create a more inclusive workplace for women of color in a special event with author Deepa Purushothaman (@DeepaPuru). Join us this Thursday (3/3) at 2 PM ET. To RSVP, become a TED Member:  
The list includes: The mathematician who helped send the US to space, the chemist who took a game-changing X-ray of DNA, the scientist who first proved the greenhouse effect — and more.  #WomensHistoryMonth
@pixel We do. And it is. 
@END2STARTBBY Yep, that’s really our name. 😅
@dupreej @tiktok_us Only when we find the time.
PS - Our @tiktok_us  account really *is* called TEDToks and you should probably follow us: 
Thank you for coming to our ... you know the rest.  
Spoiler: It's ammonia!  

Here's what you need to know about this unexpected *and* sustainable carbon pollution solution: 
How can we better understand and treat unknown or rare diseases? By getting researchers around the world to share information and recognize people at the center:   #RareDiseaseDay
We can't be afraid to talk about race, especially in the workplace. 

Watch @MellodyHobson's full talk here:  
Concerned about the war in Ukraine? You’re not alone. Historian @harari_yuval joins us to provide an important historical look at the conflict and help you better understand what’s actually happening. Learn more and RSVP to this TED Member event here:  
#DYK: Marie Curie was the first — and only — person to win Nobel Prizes in 2 different scientific fields? What *couldn't* she do?!? 
We're thrilled to share that the one and only @DollyParton will be live with WorkLife host @AdamMGrant in TED's @Clubhouse club next Thursday, March 3 at 2:15 PM ET. 

You definitely don't want to miss it! RSVP here:  
If we're going to create more inclusive communities and break down systemic racism — we need be more mindful of how we talk others. 

Here are 6 common phrases to avoid: 
The best way to get kids interested in STEM? Through their stomachs!

Here's how you can use your favorite recipes to encourage curiosity, talk about energy  — and even teach them about fractions: 
During a trip to Africa, nature photographer George Steinmetz began taking photos from from a motorized paraglider — or as he calls it, "a flying lawn chair."

See more of his stunning photography here:  
Even after you're uncomfortable, your bladder can go on stretching — but only to a point: 
"Instead of looking for hope, look for action. Then, and only then, hope will come ... Everything needs to change, and it has to start today."

Watch the full talk from @GretaThunberg here:  
Reconnecting with play can spark your creativity, combat despair and help you find your way in the world. 

Listen to the latest episode of @TEDRadioHour on @ApplePodcasts to learn more:  
This photographer spent 4 months trekking through 24/7 darkness in -40° Celsius weather — while surrounded by polar bears 🐻‍❄️ ! —  equipped only with a camera and headlamp.

Here are 11 stunning images she captured: 
It sounds like science fiction, but some scientists believe it's a possibility. 
"Just one Black male teacher in third, fourth or fifth grade for a low-income Black boy substantially reduces his chances of dropping out of high school by almost 40 percent." 
You probably can't imagine not having access to the internet — but billions of people around the world don't! 

This episode of TED Tech explores what it would take to offer free and fair access to this digital necessity to everyone. 

Listen on @Stitcher: 
If you love following TED, consider supporting our mission! Each TED Member makes it possible for us to continue spreading ideas far and wide. Want to contribute? Get started here:  
Seamstress by day, advocate and NAACP secretary by night! 

Here's what you should know about the extraordinary life of Rosa Parks: 
If you save less than 5% of your income — or don't have an emergency fund, these tips could help: 
Is personal and planetary health connected? Yes!

In this episode of TED Health, health campaigner Shweta Narayan (@CemShweta) explains why health care needs to be at the heart of climate solutions. Listen now on @Apple podcasts:  
@keely_sage Sounds like a great way to start the day!
"We push whole movements forward on the strength of our vision. We set trends and create new worlds. We are the vanguard. Black trans lives have always mattered." 

Watch @DrDLStewart's full talk here:  
Do you know what your IQ is? Well, here's why it might not really matter: 
You're swimming hundreds of feet below the ocean's surface in pitch-black waters — and everything else is trying to eat you ... 
What happens when a psychologist who studies well-being ends up with a brain tumor? She puts her own research into practice! In this episode of TED Business, Dr. Christina Costa shares what she learned in the face of unexpected challenges. Listen now:  
Sounds backwards but having insurance could cause you to drive faster, check your fire alarms less *and* leave your valuables out in the open. 

Here's what you need to know: 
Spoiler: Yes! 

And here's how they can use their creativity, inventiveness and knowledge to fix it: 
Yes, digital ads can be annoying, but they're also essential for business! 

In this episode of CWP, Dylan Marron invites 2 small-biz owners and the writer of a snarky comment to talk through their differences. Find out what they learned:  
And will cracking them *really* give you arthritis? 
Good news: You don't have to work out for an hour to see real benefits.

Here's how tiny, snack-sized moments can add up: 
There's no shame in crying! It can enhance your physical and mental well-being *and* deepen your relationship to yourself and others, says childbirth educator Kathy Mendias. Learn more in this episode of TED Health — streaming on @Spotify:  
This nifty greenhouse solution uses 90% less water, increases  produce yields by up to 700% — and helps small farmers double their income!

Here's how it works: 
"[Racism is] making our economy worse,  and not just in ways that disadvantage people of color ... Racism is bad for white people too." 

Watch Heather McGhee's (@hmcghee) full talk here:  
Learn something new this #BlackHistoryMonth with these talks on Black identity, milestones, activism and resilience: 
Congrats to the 2022 cohort of @TEDFellows! 🥳We can't wait to share their amazing ideas with the rest of the world! 🌍 Learn more about each Fellow on the blog 👇🏼: 
Yes, it may seem easier to strap on a pack and fly solo than get on a plane — but here's why we shouldn't just wing it: 
Don't let your value be determined by others. Here are 4 ways to build and protect your self-worth: 
If we're going to strive for a more inclusive and fair world — we've got to address the myths and truths about racism head-on: 
If you feel like your performance at work has plateaued, here's a simple mindset shift that can help — and it can be done in moments throughout your week!  

Watch Eduardo Briceño's full TED Talk to learn how:  #MondayMotivation 
"The vast majority of Indigenous languages in North America are considered endangered, and those that are not endangered are vulnerable."

Here's how we can change that:  #IMLD
One of the most iconic US landmarks is also one of the most controversial. Here's why: 
What could a democracy reboot look like? More everyday citizens — and fewer representatives — making important decisions:  
A healthy gut = a healthy body. These are the best foods to eat: 
Starting with banishing the word "fine" from your vocabulary: 
"Education, just like electricity, shouldn't just be for some, it's a necessity and a right. Just like hopes, dreams and opportunity."   #SocialJusticeDay
Here's how @AlexHonnold became the first climber to scale Yosemite’s El Capitan without a rope.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
"Every child deserves a champion, an adult who will never give up on them. Is this job tough? You betcha. But it is not impossible. We're educators. We're born to make a difference."

Watch Rita Pierson's full TED Talk here:  
The stories of too many Black women have been left out of the history books. Let's fix that. #BlackHistoryMonth 
Did you know massive sloths *the size of elephants* once roamed the earth? 🦥 
Empathy isn't a trait that you're born with — it's a skill that you can develop. Here's how: 
"We need leaders who are experiencing the harm [from climate change] to be the ones coming up with the solutions." — climate justice organizer Ozawa Bineshi Albert (@BineshiAlbert) 
"Only one thing distinguishes the names that you know from the names that you don't know..."

Watch Dr. Kimberlé Crenshaw's (@sandylocks) talk on the importance of intersectionality here:  
Are you rethinking how you spend your precious time? You're not alone!

This 3-part series from @TEDRadioHour explores the changing beliefs around our everyday tasks, how we experience joy and what it means to truly rest. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Sports don't just help you stay in shape! Here's how they can boost your teamwork skills, resilience and self-esteem: 
@HowardValentine We're here for it!
We are all given the same amount of time in a day for sleep, fun and to get stuff done.

Here's how you can make the most of it: 
How can playing games help a business thrive? (Yes, we're serious!) It can reveal: 

1: Blindspots and weaknesses
2: Competitive advantages 
3: Opportunities for growth 


What is it like to have an inside view of US history? That's something photographer Pete Souza got to find out as Chief Official White House Photographer.

Hear all about his unique experience in this episode of Design Matters. Listen on @Spotify:  
While steroids are an amazing medicinal tool, their recreational use can have seriously damaging effects on the body: 
@msADDventures We believe in you!
What can we do to help underrepresented leaders succeed in the workplace? In this group discussion, we will discuss ways to avoid the pitfalls of implicit bias by creating a more inclusive environment for diverse leadership. To RSVP, become a TED Member:  
Having a hard time feeling motivated at work? Here's what you should do:

1) Evaluate how you spend your time
2) Get in touch with why you started
3) Ask: What kind of person do I want to be?


Dreaming of quitting your job to pursue the thing that really excites you? First, ask yourself these questions. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
In 2020 alone, federal prosecutors in China brought 80,000 environmental cases to court — mostly against their own government!

Here’s what that means for climate change — and the world: 
Hard conversations are unavoidable, but they don’t need to be unbearable. Podcast host @dylanmarron is back and ready to navigate the hard conversations we need to have. Listen to the new season of Conversations with People Who Hate Me on @ApplePodcasts:  
Have you ever heard of a term called email apnea? It's a real condition *and* could contribute to extra feelings of stress at work: 
This woman left a lucrative corporate job in her 30s and went on to become a silver-medal-winning Olympian. Here's what it taught her about the power of following your dreams: 
Melted snow is actually way better for skiing! In fact, skiing on the slopes might as well be called water skiing. 

Here's the science behind why (hint: It has to do with friction!): 
This is a powerful story of one mother's fight for clean air — and the daughter she lost to air pollution: 
Grammar nerds, this quick lesson is for you: 
For those times when your mind is racing and you just can't seem to settle down, try this simple breathing trick from psychiatrist Dr. Judson Brewer (@judbrewer). It takes only a few seconds! 

Learn more here:  
Carbon neutral? Tipping points?? Mitigation???

What does it all mean?!? 😵‍💫 
Do you regret missing our last membership event? Never fear! Catch up on past events with speakers like Daniel Pink on the Power of Regret. You can watch past live sessions available exclusively with a TED Membership. To start watching, sign up here:  
Throwaway culture is hurting the environment, especially when it comes to our broken electronics. Here’s why fixing more and throwing away less is better for us *and* the planet: 
This English author is known for writing romance novels — but on closer inspection — it's her witty, irreverent and headstrong heroines that made us fall in love with her work: 
"In these dangerous and unsure times, in the midst of it all, I think the thing that we have to hold on to is other people."

Watch @JonnySun's full TED Talk about vulnerability and finding your community here:  
Any other TED podcast episodes you just love? ❤️❤️❤️ Let us know! 👇
This classic episode of Design Matters sees host @DebbieMillman as the interviewee. And who is interviewing her? None other than her spouse @rgay! Tune in to hear what they talk about: 
Our relationships with our coworkers can sometimes be ... complicated.

In this episode of WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, Adam sits down with therapist @EstherPerel to explore trust, power, and people pleasing in the workplace.

Listen on @ApplePodcasts: 
When we talk about relationships, we often talk about love, but what happens when they end? 

This episode of @TEDRadioHour explores the ins and outs of heartache. 💔

Listen on @ApplePodcasts: 
Could your greatest relationship be with ... yourself? 🥰

In this episode of TED Business, @MsPackyetti explores the foundations of confidence. Listen on @ApplePodcasts: 
Does it ever feel like you — or someone you know — is always entering a relationship that’s doomed? 😬

In this episode of "How to Be a Better Human" Dr @RaquelPeel explains how you can stop sabotaging your romantic relationships. Listen on @ApplePodcasts: 
How many relationships should we juggle, and what are the different kinds of friendships we need anyways? @MonaChalabi investigates in this episode of "Am I Normal? with Mona Chalabi". Listen on @ApplePodcasts : 
We 😍 podcasts over here at TED and we hope you do too! That's why, to celebrate #ValentinesDay, we've pulled this list of 6 episodes on relationships as our gift to you! 💝

We hope you listen to them with someone you love — even if that someone is yourself! 💕 
Gecko feet and fallen leaves may seem like an unlikely source of inspiration for corporate climate action — but this company is taking lessons from nature to redesign its products and factories to benefit the planet: 
Here's why straight women are having less satisfying sex than men — and what can we do about it: 
Who knew these gorgeous flowers were nature's ultimate thirst traps for insects?

Turns out, they are quite the seducers: 
"These scars, they're not just a reminder of everything I've been through, but more so, everything that's in front of me."

Watch Alex Smith's full TED Talk here: 

(CW: graphic images) 
Want to strengthen your relationships? Make sure you're speaking *their* love language — and that they know yours too: 
Besties Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are #GalentinesDay goals! 😍 

The first Olympics were held in 776 BC in the rural Greek town of Olympia. Here's how they became the global event we know today: 
The climate crisis isn't just impacting the oceans and weather — it's also hurting your sex drive and romantic relationships:  
More than a billion people with disabilities around the world require assistive technology — but only 10% of them have access.
 

Here’s why that needs to change: 
Want to live to 100? This psychologist explains what *really* helps us live longer: Our close relationships. 

Watch Susan Pinker's full TED Talk here:  
This study showed that 50% of people are sexually bored or on the brink of boredom in the bedroom. 

Here are some ideas to keep the fire alive: 
@thefireofOla 👏👏👏
Love this video? Check out more ideas worth spread on our TikTok channel! We’re @TEDToks: 
Want to inspire the young women and girls in your life? 

Watch these encouraging talks from women who are changing the dynamics in STEM fields all around the globe!
Let’s hear it for #WomenInScience — engineering, tech and math, too! 👏🏼Here are just a few of the incredible and inspiring women who have shared their ideas on the TED stage. 💪🏽 

PS -Tag a woman you know who is blazing her own trail! 
This 70-year study tracked thousands of children's lives to find out why some end up happy and healthy — while others struggled. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
This horrifying study recruited Black men under false pretenses — and it even continued 30 years after a syphilis treatment was discovered ... 
Did you know the better your relationships are— and not just your close ones! — the longer and happier your life will be? 

Here's how to improve those incredibly important bonds: 
Do you have regrets in life? (If you're human, we're guessing you do.) 

Here's what you need to understand about them — and how you can use them to your advantage: 
The US legal system has a long history of criminal injustice and inequality — so how can it be changed to better serve and protect people?

In this conversation, @NickTurner718 and @WhitPennRod discuss what a more just system could look like: 
It may actually be possible to die of a broken heart. 💔

Watch Sandeep Jauhar's full TED Talk here:  
Step 1: Put your phone away... (but, you know, read this first): 
Step 1: Put your phone away... (but, you know, read this first): 
NEW PODCAST 🎧 Your Undivided Attention joined the TED Audio Collective! @tristanharris and @aza sit down with expert guests to imagine ways that technology can support our shared well-being. Produced by @HumaneTech_. Start listening on @ApplePodcasts:  
If you know anything about tech — you know bugs are a bad thing. Well, the world's current plan for fighting climate change is *full of them*.

Here are 4 things we can do to squash them: 
It's time for countries and political leaders to start thinking of budget deficits as necessary investments in their citizens — and not as scary piles of debt. 

Here's why: 
Childhood trauma is the biggest public health threat no one is talking about. 

Watch Nadine Burke Harris (@DrBurkeHarris)' full TED Talk here:  
If you haven't heard of James Baldwin — one of the most celebrated and best-selling authors of the1960s — allow us to introduce you: 
Economic racism is embedded in our workplaces, schools and governments — and we need to uproot it. Here's how: 
"At a moment where we had missed human connection and at a moment where our societies are becoming more fragile and loveless, we were able to recreate a moment of warmth, of love and magic, at a moment where it was hard to find any." 
Has the US strayed from its values?

In this episode of TED Talks Daily, @DevalPatrick explores what he thinks makes US democracy unique — and what needs to happen to restore the country's civic ideals. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
What if we could harness the power of the ocean winds and tides to produce power? We can! 

Off-shore wind farms could produce enough carbon-free energy for the Earth and 17 other planets: 
Which team are you on: Milk, white, or dark? Here's how they're all made: 
From anti-racism advocacy to sci-fi, these books by Black authors are a great addition to your reading list: 
Blackface shows were the most popular form of entertainment in the 19th-century US — and today 1 in 3 Americans say blackface is always or sometimes OK if it's for Halloween. But here's why it's nothing to laugh about: 
"I became Lucius25, white supremacist lurker, and digitally I began to infiltrate the infamous alt-right movement."

Watch Theo E.J. Wilson's full talk here:  
No, you probably won’t stop using your refrigerator! But knowing it’s an energy efficient appliance before you buy it *and* what to do with it when it’s time for it to go will help reduce its carbon footprint. 

Learn more here: 
Love the comfort and style of jeans — but hate how bad they are for the planet?

Here's how we can get out of this denim dilemma: 
Have you ever seen an illusionist and wondered HOW do they do that?! 🪄 This Tuesday (2/8), get an exclusive peek behind the curtain with master puzzler and illusionist, @davidkwong. To RSVP, become a TED Member:  
Before you buy chocolate for your Valentine this year ... read this: 
"We see so much erasure of what Black people have created, so I want to do everything in my power to prevent the erasure of Blackness from twerking."

Watch @Lizzo's full TED Talk here:  #BlackHistoryMonth 
Here's why creating a culture of kindness helps business thrive — and how to grow one in your workplace: 
1 in 7 people experience unexplained ringing, buzzing, hissing or clicking sounds. Here's what causes the mysterious sensation: 
"Women, I encourage you to acknowledge your fury ... Your fury is not something to be afraid of. It holds lifetimes of wisdom." 

Watch @TraceeEllisRoss's full talk here:  
People who lie tend to use these 4 speech patterns. Here's how to spot them: 
"Poetry is always at the pulse of the most dangerous and most daring questions that a nation or a world might face." - @TheAmandaGorman 
Does the idea of meditating give you ... even more anxiety?  😩

Here are 7 alternatives that can relieve your mind:  
#DYK: Avocados 🥑 were once considered gross to the average American? But thanks to the power of marketing — they got a total image update. 

Here's what it can teach us about helping developing countries boost their economies and adapt to climate change:
Here's how this treatment went from an accidental discovery in WW1 to the life-saving medicine it is today:  #WorldCancerDay
Get ready to be dazzled! David Kwong will be sharing behind the scenes secrets to his illusions in a special TED Membership event this Thursday (2/8) at 12pm ET. 

To RSVP, become a member: 
For his next trick: This illusionist uses magic to illuminate the difference between deception and attention. 

Can you follow along? 
"It turns out that when we act generously towards others, that tends to increase our happiness."

Watch Jamil Zaki's full TED Talk to learn more about you can break out of the cycle of cynicism:  
We're not gonna weigh in on this one *but* we will leave you with some TED Talks that pair well with a good cup of coffee — no matter which roast you choose! ☕️
 
Does the idea of checking your bank statement give you anxiety? We get it. 

These tips could help: 
What will be size of 64 football fields, able to produce 10 gigawatts of renewable energy and is 80 kilometers out in the sea?

Denmark's energy island! Here's why they'll build it: 
In this episode of TED Health, social psychologist Valerie Purdie-Greenaway shares how stereotypes can not only harm the person it's about — but also get in the way of building resilient systems of support.  

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
This was the first time in US history that Black people had a chance to choose for themselves what they would do with their innate talents.

Watch @Isabelwilkerson's full talk to learn more about The Great Migration:  #BlackHistoryMonth 
Plus, what you need to know about how the stock market works: 
Do you have a problem with perfectionism? Find out in 10 questions: 
What if we could detect breast cancer earlier ... by turning light into sound?

Here's an amazing new technology that could do just that: 
To dive deeper into this topic, it’s not too late to RSVP to our TED Membership event featuring Anna Malaika Tubbs. To join, sign up here: 
@ItsLuisRuiz Welcome to the team!
@SelakleeAhimsa 
Interested in learning more from Anna Malaika Tubbs? She will be diving into the ideas from her talk in a special TED Membership event this Thursday (2/3) at 1PM ET. To RSVP, become a member: 
How can we better support &amp; honor our caretakers? By telling their stories. 

In this episode of TED Talks Daily, Anna Malaika Tubbs tells us about 3 incredible mothers of famous Black men — and the importance of talking about them, too. Listen on @TuneIn:  
Isabel de Olvera, Monemia McKoy, Frances Thompson, Augusta Savage, Barbara Jordan.

If you don't know these names, you might want to read this: 
These 3 theories could help you answer why you've feel like you've seen this before: 
BDSM might not be your "thing" but it actually has a lot to teach us a lot about safe sex, communication and consent. 

Here's what you should know: 
Want to uncover your passion in life? Ask yourself these questions.

Watch @NoelineKirabo's full TED Talk here:  
This Pulitzer Prize-winning book urges us to consider hope in the darkest of times and question what freedom really means: 
Discover the powerful and influential figures you didn't learn about in school, Black mothers. Join sociologist and author Anna Malaika Tubbs for an unforgettable conversation on the impact and influence of Black motherhood. To RSVP, become a TED Member:  
It's the year of the Tiger! 🐯Here's how the zodiac can help us understand Chinese culture: 
It's true: The climate isn't a fan of air conditioning!

But here are 4 ways we can properly cool down the Earth: 
#DYK: About 40% of global carbon pollution comes from the brick-and-mortar buildings that make up our communities, cities and countries. 

Here’s how rethinking those spaces can benefit people *and* the planet (really!): 
The world has a plastic problem, but there are simple things you can do to lessen it:

♳ Keep it out of oceans
♴ Do away with microplastics
♵ Change recycling
♶ Use nature-based products 


NFTs have the potential to reshape the internet — but how do they work? 

Watch the full TED Talk to learn more:  
That feeling of uncertainty and confusion you're experiencing? It's called a lifequake —  here's how you can navigate it: 
When the world seems to moving at lightning speed all the time — this is your permission to slow down.

Watch Jacqueline Woodson's full talk on the power of savoring your books here:  
A dolphin holding a pineapple! See it in your mind instantly?

Here's what happened in your brain when that happened: 
"As the noise dies down, and Afghanistan slips from the front pages, do not look away." 
Octopii are kinda fascinating right?!?

Watch the full TED Talk to learn more about these smart underwater creatures:  
You probably never actually thought about it — but now, you probably won't stop until know: 
Here's how to bee 🐝 the change you want to see in the world: 
You use 💡📱⚡ everyday, but do you ever think about your relationship with it? 

Here's why knowing more about electricity can help you make better choices for your life — and our world:  
Have you ever seen a disco🕺ball made out of every solar eclipse documented by humankind!? Well, soon you will be able to: 
Warning: This riddle is a little trickier to follow than a cake mix recipe … 
Sometimes the line between healthy and unhealthy love is really obvious and other times it's ... not. 

Watch Katie Hood's full talk here:  
Need something cheerful to start your day?

Here are 5 amazing illustrations from @Fine_Acts to inspire you: 
"I think saving [US] democracy will take more — not just from elected officials, civic leaders or the media — but more from each one of us." - former Massachusetts  Governor @DevalPatrick 
How common was cannibalism? 😬Turns out, it wasn’t as rare as you’d think. Here’s what you need to know about the complex history of this practice:   #yellowjackets
⬜💡⬜⬜⬜
⬜🗣️⬜⬜👏
⬜🔴⬜⬜👏
⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️

Not Wordle, just a TED Talk
😂You were close — our account is called TEDToks!  
If you don't quite understand the stock market — you're not alone! 

Here's how you can get up to speed on the world of investing: 
Know someone who is struggling with anxiety or depression? Here what to — and what not to — do to help: 
The Holocaust is one of history's most well-documented cases of genocide — so how and why do some people still deny it happened? Here's the truth:  #HolocaustRemembranceDay
When we say the future of meat 🥩 is cellular — we don't mean a phone! 📱  

In this episode of TED Health, @IshaDatar explains how we can adapt our food to meet the demands of a world affected by the climate crisis. Listen on @Stitcher:  
"If you ever know somebody who needs help, if you know somebody who is scared, be kind to them."

Watch Werner Reich's full TED Talk here:  
How can we reimagine our workplaces to be truly welcoming and inclusive? 4 ideas from @DeepaPuru and @RhaGoddess:  
Since 1789, there have been a total of only 115 justices (!!!) who've served on the US Supreme Court — soon to be 116! Here's what it takes to become one of them: 
“When we take responsibility and we value one another, our new attitude can actually inspire our partner to want to do the same thing.” 
It may feel like it's right around the corner — but trust us, it's not: 
Can humans and robots collaborate to make a more beautiful world? This artist thinks so!

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
It’s time to ditch your perfectionism! We all make mistakes, but how do you cope with being wrong? In this special group discussion, we will unpack how to accept the moments that are less than perfect. To RSVP, become a TED Member:  
What's the correlation between financial investments and climate change? In this episode of TED Business, investment expert Nili Gilbert shares how where we save — and spend — our money affects the climate crisis.

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Want to have deeper, more meaningful conversations with the people in your life? Start with how you're listening. 

Watch @HrishiHirway's full TED Talk here:  
These clothing items may never end up in your closet — but they sure look good in a profile pic: 
👀 
#DYK: The original term for a "computer" actually refers to the 80-100 women who would hand-calculate ballistics trajectories during WWII?  Their story is pretty amazing:  
Trust us — the full TED Talk is worth the watch:  
1 in 3 US seniors die from Alzheimer's — but this emerging brain wave technology could help change that! Here's how it works: 
Plus, what you can do to save yourself: 
Step 1: Do your research: 
What magical, dreamlike, and fascinating world is living deep within your own mind? Here's how you can find *and* build it: 
And we are not talking about being stranded at sea: 
And you can start doing them right now!  
Yes, your gut is important for things like digestion and 💩 — but it could it also be linked to your mental health? Yes!

Watch Giulia Enders' full TED Talk to learn how:  
When we rush to do something, are we saving time or are we losing it? 

Plus, other insightful questions to ask yourself: 
Let's just say: You may need a glass of milk after watching this video: 
#NationalHotSauceDay
Hint: It starts with their environment: 
Virtual and augmented reality has the potential to help bring us closer. Here's how:
"Only one thing distinguishes the names that you know from the names that you don't know ..."

Watch Dr. Kimberlé Crenshaw's (@sandylocks) talk on the importance of intersectionality here:  
"These are the young women who will go forth to build the world we all want to see." - @EmilyPilloton 
Listen up: Superfans have something to teach us about living in the moment and finding joy.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Food is not a reward or punishment — it is fuel! 

Here's how you can use it to better nourish your body: 
Hint: It's not about the answer — it's about *how* you get there: 
What does it take to live a healthy life? 

In this @TEDHealth episode, physical activity epidemiologist Olivia Affuso shares how the power of your community can help support your goals. Listen now on @SpotifyPodcasts:  
What do volcanic rocks, Woolly pigs and direct-capture technologies have to do with climate change? A whole lot, actually: 
If you've noticed issues in the global supply chain lately, you're not alone. 

Here's an idea on how to forecast and fix future disruptions: 
No, a company is not a family and describing your team or workplace as one can be damaging and unhealthy: 
If we want to see a world where everyone is able to access basic rights and get a livable wage — we have to break the cycle of poverty. Here's why it's so tricky: 
We hate to tell you this, but failure happens to *everyone*. 

Here's how you can bounce back when it happens to you: 
When a person leaves prison in the US, they are given a list of restrictions and responsibilities that are often more hurtful than helpful. 

Here's what needs to be done to change that: 
This brings an entirely new meaning to "up close and personal."

Watch Tom Thum's full TED Talk here:  
We could all use a sense of hope. Learn how to find it when you need it most with author @WajahatAli! Join our next TED Membership virtual event tomorrow (1/20)! To RSVP, become a TED Member:  
These ice towers — known as stupas — are man-made glaciers helping downstream communities have access to water for drinking and growing crops. 

Here's how they work: 
Let's just say: They were a true nightmare of Odin:  
#DYK: 1 hectare of underwater seagrass can trap as much carbon pollution as 15 hectares of Amazonian Rainforest?

No wonder it's an unlikely champion against climate change: 
It took a  l o n g  time to get to this version of the English language — 6,000 years, in fact: 
What could a democracy reboot look like? Having more everyday citizens — and fewer representatives — making important decisions.

Watch Max Rashbrooke's full talk here:  
But really *any* kind of boundary: 
Representation matters! Having 1 Black male teacher in 3rd, 4th or 5th grade has been shown to reduce the high school dropout rate for a low-income Black boy in the US by almost 40%: 
Would Martin Luther King Jr. approve of a holiday in his name? Here's why director @Ava DuVernay thinks no: 
Seamstress by day, advocate and NAACP secretary by night! 

Here's what you should know about the extraordinary life of Rosa Parks: 
"Freedom is never really won. You earn it and win it in every generation" - Dr. @BerniceKing  #MLKDay
"Ultimately, you judge the character of a society, not by how they treat their rich and the powerful and the privileged, but by how they treat the poor, the condemned, the incarcerated." — 
@eji_org

Watch Bryan Stevenson's full TED Talk here:  
His name was Bayard Rustin and he was instrumental to making the March on Washington — where Dr. King gave his famous "I have a dream" speech — happen: 
"Do not for one moment think you cannot change what exists. This world is a social construction; it can be reconstructed. This world was built; it can be rebuilt. Use everything that you accrue to reimagine the world." - poet Clint Smith (@ClintSmithIII) 
This man survived a deadly King Cobra bite — and went on to discover something truly amazing:  
In an interview with the late Congressman John Lewis, lawyer Bryan Stevenson asked the civil rights leader what he'd like to be remembered for. Here's what he said.

Watch their full conversation here:  
It's an all-too familiar story: A white person calls the police on a Black person for walking to work, enjoying the outdoors or just "living while Black". Here's how we can change the narrative.

Watch @Baratunde Thurston's full talk here:  
If you said "no" you're 100% right. 

And acknowledging that is the first step in paving a better way forward:  
This smart device could be the key to getting life-saving medicine to the people who need it most — before it can go bad. Here’s how it works: 
You don't have to make big lifestyle changes all at once! 

Start small and find ways to make trying new foods fun: 
Ready to make a change in your life? Here are 7 questions you should know the answers to first: 
"Being quiet is comfortable. Keeping things the way they've been is comfortable. All comfort has done is maintain the status quo." — @Luvvie Ajayi Jones

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
#DYK: In the first US election, only 6% of the population was eligible to vote. 

Here's how far voting rights have come — and how far they still need to go: 
Yes, laughter really is the best medicine — and it can also be your secret weapon at work: 
We'll give you a clue: It has nothing to do with her appearance — and everything to do with why she went missing for nearly 2 years: 
There's a reason why you feel like giving up on your goals. There's also a way to get back on track:  
Is cynicism causing us to be lonelier — and more divided? Yes, says psychologist Jamil Zaki. So how do we break free? Empathy, cooperation and trust. 

Listen to this episode of TED Talks Daily on @spotifypodcasts   
Ready for an inspiring learning experience? For a limited time, we're giving TED Members access to our new online learning platform. In the first lesson, @PicoIyer will teach how to take a life-changing journey. Sign up for a TED Membership here:  
Does the idea of meditating give you ... even more anxiety?  😩

Here are 7 alternatives that can relieve your mind:  
"Creativity is essential to all of us, whether we're scientists or teachers, parents or entrepreneurs." 
What if we could get doctors to see patient goals and needs, instead of focusing only on their symptoms? 

It's possible ... it just takes a little bit of outside-the-box thinking, or in this case, drawing: 
Want to let go of regret? Our next TED Membership event features bestselling author, @DanielPink. Learn how you can decode regret and create the life you’ve always wanted to live. To RSVP, sign up to become a TED Member:  ... you won't regret it. 
This thought-experiment may not, in fact, have a "right" answer: 
And they don't have to be big changes to make a difference in your life! 
"It's time that we start seeing people as people and not simply the ideas that we project onto them"

Watch Theo EJ Wilson's full talk here:  
More than 6.6 million tons of concrete — enough to pave a road across the entire US — was used to build the Hoover Dam. 

But that's not all you should know: 
#DYK: Pigs carry organs with a similar size and physiology to human organs. 

Plus, other things you should know about how animal-to-human transplants can be lifesaving:  
What does a path to decarbonization look like for the oil and gas industry?

Here's one idea that could provide a realistic way forward: 
If you can't beat 'em, join 'em! 

In this episode of TED Business, Bob Langert shares how your biggest critics can actually help you grow. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts: 
"I look absolutely fine, but I wake up every day in pain." 
Whether you need to build or boost your confidence — just remember these 3 things: permission, community and curiosity. 

Watch Brittany Packnett Cunningham's full talk here:  
A lesson in genetics, brought to you by peas: 
Have you heard of biochar? It's an amazing product that can trap carbon, improve soil and crop growth, and create clean electricity. 

Here's why it's good for farmers  — and the planet: 
Most people are highly susceptible to other people's emotions, and that can impact your life at work and home. 

Here are 4 ways to change that: 
Doing something is better than nothing, so start small and grow from there: 
What if our jobs allowed sad days *in addition* to sick days? Join @AdamMGrant and a team of experts as they discuss de-stigmatizing mental health at work in this episode of WorkLife. 

Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
"You have the gift to help someone navigate through their trauma and make their story worth telling."

Watch Lisa Godwin's full TED Talk here:  
"We can't change every little thing that happens to us in life, but we can change the way that we experience it."

Watch @Headspace co-founder @AndyPuddicombe's full TED Talk here:  
Here's how electric vehicles are making a comeback. (Yes, they've existed before!) 
It's not you —  it's them. 

Here's how you can have empathy for yourself — and them! — and speak up when you need to: 
Your mental health matters on- and off-line. Here's how you can take care of yourself — and others — on social media: 
"Happiness comes and goes. But when life is really good and when things are really bad, having meaning gives you something to hold on to."

Watch the full talk here:  
Assistive technology can mean independence and freedom for people with disabilities — but nearly 90% of people around the world who need these tools don’t have access to them: 
With so many great milk options and alternatives — it's udderly impossible to decide!

But this might help you choose the right one for you: 
The world isn't going to slow down — but you can: 
It is only one millimeter big, can survive decades (!) without water and can survive in the hottest and coldest temperatures on Earth:  
"One thing is absolutely clear: We cannot keep rescuing people from prison and restoring them to poverty. True freedom is multidimensional." - @MsBKB 
.@HodaAndJenna — Thanks for featuring our podcast “How to Be a Better Human” this morning! We agree it’s a perfect companion to any 2022 goal. Check it out on @ApplePodcasts:  
We're not saying this will help you learn to do a backflip in 48 hours, but you will feel better about learning (or starting!) something new: 
"We're not going to be in this pandemic forever. It will end... the question is when."

Watch @mvankerkhove's full TED Talk here:  
How do you design a city that will last generations? By looking at it like a family: 
We agree! 🧠 Here are some more of our favorite @TED_ED lessons on our amazing noggins:  
A good job:

✅ Treats people fairly
✅ Has a promising future
✅ Feels psychologically safe 
✅ Has a sense of purpose


If you want to...
🔭 Learn something new
🎟 Attend exclusive TED events
🤝 Make new inspiring connections 
We invite you to join our new global community of curious minds! Get started here:  
We're just going to tell you — it's your brain. 

And here's why it matters when you're exercising: 
How do you ensure everyone can pitch in to fight climate change?

First, you help them understand the science behind it — in their own native language: 
There's a very good reason why running on the treadmill kinda sucks: 
To succeed in business, don’t underestimate the power of confidence and mentorship. Educator Brittany Packnett breaks down how to find both in this episode of TED Business. Listen on Spotify: 
You know what a resume can't tell you? A person's level of grit, passion or purpose. 

Watch Regina Hartley's full talk to learn why the best person for the job might be the most unconventional:  
Don't give up on your goals just yet! Here's how you can be successful: 
We're not saying that there's poop in your honey. But we're also not NOT saying that. 
Mothers are true superheroes — and deserve way more recognition. Here's what we could do right now to help: 
These are the long-term benefits of regular exercise for your brain. 

Watch Wendy Suzuki's full TED Talk here:  
Cleanses and detoxes may do more harm for your body than good. 😬

@DrJenGunter chats with a renowned hepatologist — a liver doctor! — about what it really takes to keep your body’s natural detox system running. 

Listen to Body Stuff on @ApplePodcasts:  
We're not saying it's aliens but... 
Imagine a future with fully autonomous, eco-friendly shuttles that don't clog up streets like personal cars. It's closer than you think: 
What's your favorite thing about paper books? 📚 
“We have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned.”

Watch Angela Lee Duckworth's full TED Talk here:  
1. Define your fears, not your goals.
2. Banish the word “fine.”
3. Approach your obstacles with curiosity.
4. Embrace your near-wins.

Here's how you can start implementing these in your life: 
Grab a pen and paper before you watch this talk. 

Trust us. 
Need to break out of your resolution rut? Here are some suggestions, inspired by TED Talks: 
Introverts bring extraordinary talents to the world, but they're often overlooked. Author @SusanCain shares ideas for better offices, schools and relationships built with introverts in mind. 

Listen to The TED Interview on @Spotify:  #WorldIntrovertDay 
Actually, introverts aren't antisocial! Here's the real difference between personality types.

Watch the full talk from Brian Little here:  #WorldIntrovertDay 
We don't know who needs to hear this, but... drinking, smoking and even melatonin may actually make your insomnia worse: 
"Once you know what you want, understand why you want it. Make sure you want it because there's something not that you should do but something you must do."

Watch Stacey Abrams' full TED Talk here:  
We don't know who needs to hear this but ... you're not a fraud. 
We'll just leave this here... 
A healthy body can come in all shapes and sizes. Medical anthropologist Nancy Chen offers a new way to view ourselves and our health by enhancing body diversity and closing the gap between what's ideal and what's real. Listen to TED Health on @AmazonMusic:  
Salamanders that snack on each other, your secret twin, and a princess who outwits death — these are the most popular @TED_ED lessons of 2021: 
"We, fragile, doomed humans carry within us a sense of discovery and wonder."

Watch the full TED Talk from @TEDFellow and cosmologist @AstroKatie on the what the death of the cosmos can teach us about living today here:  
From the power of compassion to the urgency of climate change and the resilience of Black joy — these are the ideas that stuck with us in 2021: 

Self-reflection is not the same as self-knowledge. Here's how to truly get to know yourself: 
You might want to have a box of tissues handy for this one: 
This goes out to everyone who can't stop saying "I mean," "umm," and "y'know"... 
Think you know who you really are? According to this neuroscientist, your brain actually "hallucinates" how you see yourself — and here's what that means: 
Here's how to improve your health and reset your body clock — just by changing your meal times: 
When lions from the surrounding area kept killing his community's cattle, this young Kenyan inventor came up with a clever way to keep them at bay: 
Deep sleep is the most regenerative stage of your night's sleep. Here's how to get more of it.

Watch Dan Gartenberg's full TED Talk here:  
You heard right! You can deduct your TED Membership from your taxes! When you become a TED Member, not only do support our mission, but you get access to special TED programming and events. 
Sign up here:  
Is it time for a digestion reset? These are the foods you should eat:  
3 questions to ask yourself if you don't know whether to speak up — or pipe down. 

Watch @Luvvie Ajayi Jones' full TED Talk here:  
Your body has a way of telling you when you’re burnt out — even when you can’t tell yet. Join authors Emily and Amelia Nagoski to learn the telltale signs of stress and how to overcome it. *Hint: the answer is not self-care. Listen to TEDHealth on Castbox: 
A kind-but-firm way to communicate your sexual needs to your partner: 
This software engineer was stuck in a rut — so he built an app that randomly told him what to do, where to go and what to eat. Here's what he learned:  
There's actually an exact temperature that humans sleep most soundly at. Is your room too cold — or too hot? 
Grief is one of the most difficult feelings to navigate, and it shows up in ways we might not realize. In this episode of Checking In, psychologist @SusanDavid_PhD shares strategies to help you manage and move forward with grief. 

Listen on @spotify:  
People who lie tend to use these 4 speech patterns. Here's how to spot them: 
This one speaks for itself. 
Getting plenty of sleep — but still feel exhausted? You might need a different kind of rest! 

Here's a handy checklist to help you figure out which you need. 

Learn more about the 7 types of rest here:  
Comment your answer below 👇
Need some more inspiration? Check out our TED Membership! You'll get access to special TED events, plus the opportunity to talk with past TED speakers. And now, you can gift 🎁 a membership to a friend! Get started here:  
Here's why computers still  have a lot to learn from *human* intelligence — and how machine learning could help us with our very human problems: 
Is there value in building things you know will fail? According to this inventor, yes.

Watch Simone Giertz's full TED Talk here:  
What's blanketing our world, making it hotter and is largely invisible? Climate change. 

Here's the science you need to see: 
A fascinating, creepy video tour of abandoned shopping malls: 
The reason is equal parts mythology ... and biology 😳😳
This is what a world built to be joyful would look like. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Here's why you should stop trying to capture every moment: 
It's awkward to tell you this here, but ... 
Here's how to talk to anyone, anywhere: 
A look at the literary genius who brought Scrooge, Tiny Tim, and the Ghost of Christmas Past to life on the page:
 
This clever device collects carbon from a car's exhaust pipe ... and turns it into ink! 

Watch the full talk here:  
Has your sleep changed lately? That could be impacting your immune system: 
Sick of getting a new flu vaccine every year? These researchers are hoping to make that a thing of the past: 
It's easy to forget that access to the internet is a privilege that 2 billion people don't have. Here's why that needs to change: 
Would you travel to outer space... in an elevator? You might soon have your chance: 
The top 10 TED Talks of 2021 are here!

From the power of peek-a-boo to the life-saving potential of mRNA — and everything in between — you're sure to find a new favorite:  
Parents, take a deep breath. How your kids turn out isn’t fully on you. 

Psychologist Yuko Munakata breaks down the complex science of child development in this episode of TED Health. Listen on @spotify: 
“I was Patient Zero of losing a personal reputation on a global scale almost instantaneously.” — @MonicaLewinsky 
Sick of getting a new flu vaccine every year? These researchers are hoping to make that a thing of the past: 
For better or worse, 2021 taught us a lot — here's how you can use those lessons to set goals for 2022: 
From how to help others succeed to how sleep affects your sex life — this playlist has something for everyone: 
This episode of After Hours dives into our hosts’ — who are Harvard Business School professors! — tops for business person, story, trend, and buzzword of 2021.

What are your top picks this year? Let us know in the comments below!

Listen now on @Spotify:  
One of the most iconic US landmarks is also one of the most controversial. Here's why: 
As most of us know, good relationships are key to our living longer, happier and healthier lives — and there are easy things you can do to improve them: 
🎁 We've got the gift that will always be delivered on time... It's a TED Membership! Give access to inspiring TED events, discussions, book clubs, and opportunities to connect with other members and past TED speakers. Get started here:  
Languishing is that creeping feeling of emptiness, aimlessness and disinterest. Here's how to find your way out of it: 
"Sleep is not an optional lifestyle luxury. Sleep is a nonnegotiable biological necessity."

Watch Matt Walker's full talk here:  
Snowflakes aren't frozen water, they're actually frozen water *vapor*. Here's why that matters: 
There's still so much to know about those closest to us: 
Well, this just took a dark turn... 
The opposite of cynicism isn't optimism, it's empathy: 
If you aren't filled with holiday cheer this year, don't judge yourself. You're not alone: 
When was the last time a friend, business or your employer lost your trust? Harvard Business School professor Frances Frei gives a crash course on how to build — and rebuild — trust once it's been broken. Listen to TED business on @ApplePodcasts:  
Stop focusing on getting attention, says actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt (@hitRECordJoe). You'll find it's way more fulfilling to focus on *paying* attention. 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
A whopping 92% of American adults have had cavities. Here's how you can avoid these pesky dental ditches: 
"Art's not a luxury, it's actually sustenance. We need it." 

Watch Ethan Hawke's full talk here:  
What were some positives to come out of the @COP26 Glasgow Climate Pack? According to @HallaTomas:

1. A more holistic climate agenda
2. Business and finance showed up
3. Unlikely alliances
4. An international sustainability board


"All art is political. The decision to create, the artistic choice to have a voice, the choice to be heard is the most political act of all." —  @TheAmandaGorman: 
Comment your answer below 👇
Looking for more good advice? Check out our TED Membership! You'll get access to special TED events, plus the opportunity to network with past TED speakers. And now, you can gift a Membership to a friend! Get started here:  
What do Charles Darwin, Edgar Allen Poe and Albert Einstein have in common? They all married their first cousins. 🤨 Join data journalist @MonaChalabi as she investigates the numbers behind the genetic risks. Listen to Am I Normal on @SpotifyPodcasts:  
Consider this an excuse to go make some cookies ... you know, for science! 
"We see so much erasure of what Black people have created, so I want to do everything in my power to prevent the erasure of Blackness from twerking."

Watch @Lizzo's full TED Talk here:  
This author spent almost 2 years with AI scholars, researchers and scientists to figure out what our lives could look like over the next 20 years. 

Here's what he found: 
Learning a new language is difficult, and a little scary. 

Here's how you can set aside your fear and speak with the fluency of a native: 
It's not just annoying. Snoring can be a sign of something more dangerous ... 
1) Listen to them
2) Learn with them
3) Help them connect to nature
4) Empower them to act 

Have difficulty pooping away from home? Here's how your brain decides when it's time to go.

Watch Giulia Ender's full TED Talk:  
Let's just say it rhymes with "punt." 
In 2021, 63 million people were impacted by flooding in Southeast Asia alone. 

Here's how data and infrastructure can help us plan for future floods: 
The first step in changing a bad attitude: Be aware of it. 
#DYK: The king cobra can growl, eat other snakes, has enough venom to kill up to 10 people or a full size elephant?

Here's sssome more ssscintillating sssnake ssscience: 
Feeling stressed? Here are 2 ways to get it under control, according to an ER doctor.

Watch Darria Long's full talk here:  
Are you type A or type B? Are you an ENFJ? 

Here's why it actually doesn't matter: 
Oh ship! 🚢 We have a supply chain issue — but it's not the one you think!

Here's how one company is trying to make the entire shipping industry — a big contributor to the climate crisis — greener: 
Back in the 1970s, one brand of commercial plane flew 2x faster than normal planes. But here's why that wasn't sustainable: 
@begt This is definitely an excellent place to dive in. 😊 Enjoy!
Here's how acknowledging and appreciating your small accomplishments can help you move toward your goals: 
We don't know who needs to hear this, but... drinking, smoking and even melatonin may actually make your insomnia worse: 
When climate disasters strike — we all want to know why, how, what caused them?

Here's what scientists can tell us about the link between extreme weather and climate change: 
"Let us come together and let us build a world where all young people, all over the world can flourish and thrive." 
"Everything you do every day will either get us closer to ending this pandemic — or it will prolong it. So please play your part."

Watch epidemiologist @mvankerkhove's full talk here:  
There are 3 ways to fight a pandemic. One is widely considered the best — but it may not be the one you think: 
Need a thoughtful last-minute gift? A TED Membership will give the special people in your life access to inspiring TED events, discussions, book clubs, and opportunities to connect with other members and past TED speakers. Get Started Here:  
The top 10 TED Talks of 2021 are here!

From the power of peek-a-boo to the life-saving potential of mRNA — and everything in between — you're sure to find a new favorite: 
Here's how to ensure your partner continues to desire you — and remains desirable to you. 
Learn something new every day with a TED Membership! Get access to special TED programming and events, plus the opportunity to network with past TED speakers. And now, you can gift 🎁 a Membership to a friend! Get started here: 
Comment below your answer 👇 
"We are already experiencing severe impacts from climate change — how can the world house another 3 billion people?"

Here's how @vishaannyc says our housing needs can actually be part of the solution: 
Feeling unfocused and stressed all of the time? Bringing your attention back to the present moment can help. 

Watch the full talk here:  
Thirty years ago, @AnitaHill made history when she testified that her supervisor, Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, sexually harassed her at work. In this episode of Design Matters, learn more about her new book and extraordinary life on @amazonmusic:  
Even so-called "positive stereotypes" can cause real harm. Here's why: 
How do you feed a community in the midst of a disaster?

Lead with empathy, rely on knowledgeable volunteers, adapt to your circumstances: 
"You don't need to specialize in just one field to be successful! Here's why you should embrace having multiple passions" 
"Today, our culture of safety around infectious diseases is in shambles." 
International companies are missing out on their next big opportunity. Emerging markets expert Nomava Zanazo is debunking four myths and misunderstandings about Africa and sharing what companies need to know to succeed. Listen to TED Business on @Spotify:  
The manufacturing process for a single pair of jeans emits over 33 kilograms of carbon. 

That's the equivalent of driving over 110 kilometers! 
What does long-haul COVID look like? Extreme exhaustion, brain fog, lung damage, and sometimes worse: 
"I've found a way to love my depression. I love it because it has forced me to find and cling to joy."

Watch Andrew Solomon's full TED Talk here:  
AR, or "augmented reality," adds a digital layer onto our existing environment. Here's how it could soon be integrated into our real lives: 
Economics is ... confusing. This short lesson makes inflation, bonds and more easy to understand: 
Don't let failure stop you from trying again. Here are 6 tips to help you bounce back from a loss: 
Extreme weather events like floods, typhoons and droughts are becoming more frequent, thanks to climate change. Can humans adapt? 
Let's celebrate the power of books! What's 1 book that's given you comfort in difficult times?

Watch Lisa Bu's full TED Talk here:  
"As somebody who has covered weather on television for more than 45 years, we've never before witnessed more extreme climate events." — weatherman @AlRoker 
Don't let failure stop you from trying again. Here are 6 tips to help you bounce back from a loss: 
Check out  to watch these and other talks from inspiring young people: 
Nkosilathi Nyathi explains how developing countries, including his home of Zimbabwe, are being disproportionally affected by climate-related disasters — and why the climate crisis is also a human rights crisis: 
Elizabeth Zion shares her account of how her father was kept from joining their family in a new country and her wish for all families — like her own — to be reunited: 
Makhtoum Abdalla tells his story of growing up in a camp for displaced people in Darfur, what it taught him about the value of education, and his dream for every child to go to school: 
In celebration of 75 years of work, @UNICEF partnered with TED to bring together 5 amazing talks from young people around the world. 🌍 [THREAD]
.@Malala Yousafzai shares how we all can support girls' education around the globe, reveals who her own heroes are and explains the importance of empowering young activists. 

Watch the full talk here:  
From shipping pollution to toys made with fossil fuels, our gift-giving habits are pretty bad for the environment. 

Here are some great alternatives: 
Keep the conversation going with a TED Membership! Get access to special TED programming and events, plus the opportunity to network with past TED speakers. And now, you can gift a Membership to a friend! 🎁 Get started here: 
We'll go first: paper clips! 📎 They have been holding it together since 1901.
Comment your answer below 👇 
"Migrant" and "refugee" are actually not interchangeable terms. This is the difference — and here's why it matters: 
Shouldn't we fix our problems here on Earth before we venture out into the Solar System?

Here's why this aerospace engineer says we can do both: 
Higher education is broken .. and one of the biggest reasons is the hefty price tag. 

Here's what we can do to make college more attainable for everyone: 
If we want to unlock the full potential of technology like machine learning and artificial intelligence, here are 3 things we should do: 
How can you be resilient when faced with unexpected challenges? After being diagnosed with a brain tumor, psychology PhD candidate @NaegeliCosta discovered an incredible source of empowerment: gratitude. Listen to TED Talks Daily on @ApplePodcasts:  
Yes, they're both paper — but here's what makes real money valuable and Monopoly money something to play with: 
Feeling uninspired, or maybe a little aimless? You might be stuck in a state of languishing, says @AdamMGrant.

Here’s why languishing happens — and how to escape it:  
If you're one of those people who are curious and passionate about many things, don't change! Here's how you can bring purpose to everything you do: 
"The combined activity of billions of neurons, each one a tiny biological machine, is giving rise to a conscious experience." 
"The combined activity of billions of neurons, each one a tiny biological machine, is giving rise to a conscious experience." 
If you thought the sex lives of humans were complicated ...

Wait until you hear how fish get it on. 
Formerly incarcerated people deserve a fair chance to work. 

Here's how we can make sure everyone has a shot at getting a job: 
You'll be surprised by the strong connection scientists have found between sleep, hunger and food:
 
The US Supreme Court decision protecting the right to have an abortion will likely be overturned within a year.

This attorney — who spent years fighting to uphold it — explains why: 
The one-size-fits-all approach to education isn’t working.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
"These are the sorts of messages I've been inundated with my entire life: Always keep your hands where they can see them, don't move too quickly, take off your hood when the sun goes down."

Watch Clint Smith's full TED Talk:  
@whynotgoglobal @TEDCountdown Hi David — Did you still want to gift your friend a TED Membership? We now have them! Find out more here: 
"Please remain vigilant. Because everything you do every day will either get us closer to ending this pandemic — or it will prolong it." 
Your job burning you out? One solution: Set some boundaries. Here’s how to set limits that stick: 
Here's how the attacks on Pearl Harbor led to the US detaining thousands of its own citizens: 
Here’s what lawyer @Neal_Katyal says is the key to crafting a persuasive case — both in and out of court: 
The future of biology involves AI + lasers?? In this episode, biotech entrepreneur Nabiha Saklayen (@nabsicle) explains the power of personalized stem cell banks and how customized medicine it's closer than we think. Listen to TED Health on @ApplePodcasts:  
With a climate crisis and a pandemic, the world is going through *a lot* right now. But even so, it's still possible to walk into the future with a sense of calm and strength. Here's how: 
We can't deploy exciting new climate solutions if we don't invest in the places they will help. Here's why: 
Hyperloop technology is here. 

Here's how it could transform mass transportation:  
What does long-haul COVID look like? Extreme exhaustion, brain fog, lung damage, and sometimes worse: 
Do you know what happens to your online returns? Hint, they don’t get resold. In an eye-opening talk, Aparna Mehta shares a plan to help put an end to this growing environmental nightmare. Listen to TED Business on @ApplePodcasts:  
Thank YOU @bhaktisharma4! 🥰

Watch the full talk here:  
A cactus’s pointy spines are one key to its survival — but not for the reason you might think: 
Turns out all that stress you caused your parents *did* give them grey hairs. 
The most productive arguments have these 3 things in common.

Watch the full talk here:  
The carbon-trapping resource that we're walking all over:  #WorldSoilDay
This brain researcher studied her own stroke ... as it happened. 

Hear her amazing story — and what she discovered: 
This is the lifelong impact of a child's first 5 years — and how you can make the most of them.

Watch the full talk here:  
Here's how the writing and activism of James Baldwin made major strides for the Civil Rights Movement: 
Here's how you can actually prime your brain for more innovative thinking: 
It's a lot higher than you might think ... 
Scientists have started to crack the electrical code of cells — and this amazing discovery could pave the way for breakthroughs like human tissue regeneration and "living" robots. 

Watch the full talk here:  
"Why do I keep doing what I do, despite the risk that comes with it and all the uncertainty? Because Afghanistan is a country of hope and dreams. It's my home. And it always will be." 
Here's why scratching an itch feels *so* good: 
A look at the literary genius who brought Scrooge, Tiny Tim, and the Ghost of Christmas Past to life on the page:
 
These are the surprising brain benefits of being grateful: 
Here's how to improve your health and reset your body clock — just by changing your meal times: 
If you've been feeling stagnant, uninspired and unmotivated, you're probably languishing. Here's why it happens — and how to escape it: 
What do Charles Darwin, Edgar Allen Poe and Albert Einstein have in common? They all married their first cousins. 🤨 Join data journalist @MonaChalabi as she investigates the numbers behind the genetic risks. Listen to Am I Normal on @spotifypodcasts:  
Here's how melatonin supplements actually work: 
Here's why creating a culture of kindness helps business thrive — and how to grow one in your workplace: 
#DYK: Approximately 10% of the world's families are headed by couples who are second cousins or closer? 

Here's how the practice came to be thought of as taboo in the North America and Europe: 
"We don't have to be a liberal tree hugger to care about a changing climate. All we have to be is a human living on this planet." - @KHayhoe

Watch Dr. Katharine Hayhoe's full TED Talk here:  
Myth: Rosa Park was old and tired that day on the bus. 

The truth: She was only 42, her feet were fine — and the only thing she was tired of was oppression. 
We’re thrilled to be included on @Pocket’s #BestOf2021 list!

Check out our #1 “Great Advice Story” —The 7 Types of Rest That People Need — by @DrDaltonSmith here: 
Here's how HIV drugs keep the virus undetectable — by keeping it untransmittable. #WorldAIDSDay 
Thank you for listening. ♥️ If you haven't already, check out TED Talks Daily on @SpotifyPodcasts:  

#SpotifyWrapped #2021PodcasterWrapped 
Climate change is real and it's happening — but it didn't happen overnight.

Actor and @100isnow ambassador @DonCheadle shares the story of how it all began and how we can look toward a better future with hope.
Want to know more? Watch @TEDCountdown here:  
But don't worry! 

There's a great alternative that's better for our health and the environment: 
Do you give back? In her research social psychologist, Elizabeth Dunn found that giving to others can actually make us happier. So, if you want to spark a little joy this #GivingTuesday, support our mission by becoming a TED Member! Get started here:  
“Are you brave enough to be vulnerable, to reach out to another man when you need help, to dive head-first into your shame?”

Watch Justin Baldoni's full TED Talk here:  
Hint: This puzzle is all about the process of elimination ... 
The first step in creating sustainable and inclusive solutions? 

Getting to know the actual people you're helping: 
You're not lazy. This is the real reason you procrastinate: 
These are the long-term benefits of regular exercise for your brain. 

Watch Wendy Suzuki's full TED Talk here:  
Climate change isn't just an environmental crisis. 

It's a human health crisis: 
You're on the internet right now — but have you ever wondered how it *actually* works? 
Hyperloop technology is here. Here's how it could transform mass transportation — and what it was like to be the first passenger: 
Here's how long it takes for a thought to become an action: 
Going back to the office more often?

Here's how to set boundaries, get back into good routines, and reconnect with your colleagues: 
"Our culture is obsessed with happiness, but I came to see that seeking meaning is the more fulfilling path."

Watch Emily Esfahani Smith's full TED Talk here:  
Think you know who you really are? 

According to this neuroscientist, your brain actually "hallucinates" how you see yourself — and here's what that means: 
Whether you do it for environment, your overflowing closet, or your barren wallet, this is how to get your consumption under control: 
Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson says we should all aim for a "neutral" mindset. 

Here's how it helped him on *and* off the field: 
"A lot of people think that it's a big scary thing to be online if you’re not already perfectly and fully formed. But I think the internet can be actually a great place to not know.”

Watch Jonny Sun's full TED Talk here:  
How the pinnacle of American capitalism was designed by a European socialist: 
Math nerds ... this one is for you: 
Sometimes the best gifts can’t be held. This year give your loved ones the gift of curiosity and inspiration with a TED Membership. They'll get access to exclusive conversations and special events with TED Speakers from around the world. Get started:  
A fascinating, creepy video tour of abandoned shopping malls: 
#BlackFriday shopping? Here's why you might want to think twice about those “free” online returns. 

Watch Aparna Mehta's full TED Talk here:  
This riddle has been called the hardest logic puzzle ever — can you solve it? 
"I've always believed that having children was an extension of womanhood, not the definition." 
Tribal attorney Tara Houska (@zhaabowekwe) explains the systemic problems faced by Native communities — and ways that others can support them. 

Watch her full talk here:  
Here's what the ancestral stories of Indigenous people can teach us all about balance — with the Earth and each other: 
"There may be nothing that defines us and forms us more powerfully than our relationship with our sisters and brothers." 
Of the 60 currently spoken Indigenous languages in Canada, all but 6 are considered endangered. 

Here's what can be done to save them: 
Does most of your work stress happen *after* you've left it?  Here's how you can truly unplug and recharge: 
"Climate change is no longer a prediction. It is here, and it happened far faster than even the experts predicted." — Severn Cullis-Suzuki (@SevernSuzuki)

Watch her full talk here:  
This photographer has spent years traveling the world to meet and photograph  Indigenous peoples in some of the most remote places on Earth — documenting cultures and customs that are in danger of vanishing: 
Calling all Parks and Recreation fans 📢  @Nick_Offerman is on Design Matters! From professional boat building to his newest book—grab your headphones and listen to an episode you'll not want to miss on @Spotify:  
Do you get carsick? 

Here's what we know — and don't know — about why it happens: 
From election results to next week's weather, how can we get better at predicting what will happen? 
Here's how a sneeze travels inside a plane cabin. 

Watch Raymond Wang's full TED Talk here:  
Do you know someone who loves TED as much as you? Get them the gift of inspiration—a TED Membership. Throughout the year, they access events like our Member Book Club and special live conversations with TED Speakers from around the world. Get started!  
These are the health benefits of good hydration: 
How do we protect the Earth? Listen to Indigenous communities that have taken care of it for generations:  @AFrontlines
Small families don't have to mean small celebrations.

Here's how you can still find community during the holiday season: 
Electrifying transportation, fixing our food systems, and 4 more key things we must do *right now* if we want to avoid climate disaster: 
Are you a book lover? Us too!  This month we're reading Daring Greatly by Brené Brown. Join our virtual book club on @GetFable to read along with us:  
There's still so much to know about those closest to us: 
Sometimes the greatest, most creative ideas come from *not* listening to the data. Here's how to tap into your intuition.

Watch the full talk here:  
This holiday season, why not gift TED? (We're are not talking about your uncle Ted!) With a TED Membership, your loved ones get access to our TED Member Book Club and special conversations with TED Speakers and members from around the world. Get started:  
Here's how micro-RNA could be used to help cure age-related blindness: 
This is the fascinating story of Chief Quanah Parker, who fought back against the US military along the Texas frontier — and even appeared in Hollywood movies: 
It's not just annoying. Snoring can be a sign of something more dangerous ... 
This common underwater plant can capture greenhouse gasses from the air, replace plastics and other materials — and even make faux meat! 
This software engineer was stuck in a rut — so he built an app that randomly told him what to do, where to go and what to eat! 
How can this color-blind artist hear a symphony of color — and even listen to faces and paintings?

Watch the full talk here:  
This year, we’ve created and shared hundreds of new TED Talks -- and that’s in part because of the support from TED Members! If you love our talks, consider becoming a member to support our mission. Learn more:  
"Whenever people ask me why trans people are suddenly everywhere, I just want to tell them that we've been here."

Learn about the long and beautiful history of the transgender community. Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Here's how movies like The Wizard of Oz, The Incredibles, Moonlight and more use color to deepen a narrative: 
🦃 What if you could eat your Thanksgiving turkey without killing it? It's possible through cellular agriculture, says @IshaDatar. To learn more, listen to TED Talks Daily on @ApplePodcasts:  
How *do* they build a tunnels underwater?!? 
This photographer has dodged grapefruit-sized hail and lightning for 5 years to get these jaw-dropping images! 
Explore the mind-bending concept of the "infinity of infinities": 
Imagine a future with fully autonomous, eco-friendly shuttles that don't clog up streets like personal cars. It's closer than you think: 
"There is a kind of luxury in the freedom to look beyond our own little lives and contemplate the end of everything."

Watch @TEDFellow @AstroKatie's full talk on how the universe might end:  
Some people never fully recover from COVID-19. Here's what it feels like to be one of them: 
@diverse_kids @tiktok_us See you over there!
"In our most painful moments, in the face of the fires of injustice, I have seen labors of love deliver us." — @valariekaur 
📣 Calling all misfits—you’re the MVP! That’s why @Pixar created a whole team of misfits, and together they produced something truly incredible... any guesses as to which Pixar movie? To find out, listen to WorkLife with @AdamMGrant on @ApplePodcasts:  
“How does life change when you choose to be unapologetically yourself?” 

Artist @DanielLismore lives as a walking masterpiece, inspiring others to find the confidence to be who they truly are. Watch the full TED Talk here:  
US schools need more Black educators. Here's why it's so important: 
Imagine you're swimming in a pool. But the pool is filled with people instead of water. 

That's what it's like to be a sperm: 
Feel like you're constantly running out of time? Here's an approach to help you make the most of every moment:  
There’s a 66 million-year-old murder mystery hiding behind a Lowes in New Jersey (@NJGov). We’re talking about dinosaurs! 🦖🦕
Learn why figuring out what happened to the dinosaurs matters for our future on earth. Listen to Far Flung on @ApplePodcasts:  
This interconnected web of technologies gathers and analyzes every living (and built!) thing on our planet. Here's how it could help us live more sustainably: 
Here are 5 things you need to know about what world leaders did — and didn't —accomplish at this crucial climate conference: 
There’s actually a right way to nap. This is it: 
Would you let your child go to a school like this?

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Long-term and short-term memory are controlled by 2 separate parts of the brain.

Learn about the infamous case that revealed this discovery: 
Could venom actually save your life? Marine chemical biologist Mandë Holford (@scimaven) explains how venom might potentially help us treat diseases like cancer in this mind-blowing episode of TED Health. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
How can you make sure *everyone* gets counted in a census? 

Check your language — here's why that matters: 
If you thought human flirting was complicated ... wait until you hear how squids do it.

Learn more about the amazing abilities of cephalopods here:  
The finance sector has a critical role to play in combatting climate change. But the problem is, they're investing in the wrong things: 
Until 2012, there were only 4 known blue pigments — the last one having been discovered in 1802! 

Here's how mistake in a chemistry lab found the fifth: 
Intentionally notice what is going on around you and comment below what you see. 👀 Take it one step further by going on an “awe-walk.” There are some seriously amazing benefits! Learn more by listening to How to Be a Better Human on @ApplePodcasts:  
This fun lesson uses blueberries, grapefruits, cardboard boxes and cars to help you understand the size of microscopic particles: 
That mini-telescope he's holding? It's made of 125 teeny-tiny pieces of metal, wood and glass. 
The best negotiators find ways to give *and* take. 

Here's how to strike the balance: 
How does this famous beatboxer produce such incredible sounds? We stuck a camera down his throat to find out!

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Turns out you don’t actually need to drink 8 glasses of water a day! 😱 

@DrJenGunter blew our minds with this episode:  
This phenomenon remains one of the unsolved problems in physics .... and Van Gogh may have accidentally captured it in one of his most famous works: 
☕ After listening to this podcast, you will never look at a cup of coffee the same way. Explore the story behind your coffee and just how thankful we should be for our caffeine kick on the TED Radio Hour on @ApplePodcasts:  
Peaches, plums, apricots, nectarines, and cherries — all on one tree! Check out this botanical Frankenstein: 
It would be much, much worse than just losing your Wi-Fi ... 
Want to start having better, deeper conversations? 

Think of it like listening to a song: 
Give yourself permission to just survive for a bit. 
Have you heard of NFTs? Here's what they are — and how they could transform the internet.

Watch the full talk here:  
Empathy isn't a trait that you're born with — it's a skill that you can develop. Here's how: 
"If you ever know somebody who needs help, if you know somebody who is scared, be kind to them. Whatever you are going to do, it's going to be hope for them." — Holocaust survivor Werner Reich 

Watch the full talk here:  #WorldKindnessDay 
Some origami shapes require only a few folds. Some require up to 1,000!  
Do you ever feel guilty for having "negative" feelings? Here's how to stop beating yourself up for unwanted emotions: 
According to this neuroscientist, what we experience as reality is just our brain's "best guess." Here's what that means.

Watch the full talk here:  
Carbon neutral? Tipping points?? Mitigation???

What does it all mean?!? 
"If anybody in the world is trying to hide emissions, they can just forget about it. Those days are over." 
One study showed that indoor air temps in buildings with rooftop gardens were as much as 12°F cooler! 
From our heads to our armpits to ... other places, human hair serves different purposes depending on where it is: 
 
Inside every song is a story and meaning that only the composer fully understands. In this episode, podcaster and musician @HrishiHirway gives us a look into what you discover when you pay close attention. Listen to TED Talks Daily on @tunein:  
Just like vaccines help protect us from disease, this new class of drug could eventually prevent disorders like depression: 
For millions of people, past trauma lingers, causing symptoms like flashbacks, nightmares and negative thoughts that interfere with everyday life: 
Seniors are being targeted and falling victim to fraud and financial exploitation in staggering numbers. 

Here's how you can protect the older loved ones in your life: 
A healthy body can come in all shapes and sizes. Medical anthropologist Nancy Chen offers a new way to view ourselves and our health by enhancing body diversity and closing the gap between what's ideal and what's real. Listen to TED Health on @amazonmusic:  
Before Adam Driver became a major movie star, he was a United States Marine. 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  #VeteransDay 
Think you know who you really are? According to this neuroscientist, your brain actually "hallucinates" how you see yourself — and here's what that means: 
Yes, sleep has amazing benefits for your relationships, your sex life — and even your fertility: 
📣 HEY‼️
Did we get your attention? Joseph Gordon-Levitt (@hitRECordJoe) has received his fair share of attention. In his talk, he explores how the attention-driven model of tech companies impacts our creativity. Listen to TED Business on @Stitcher:  
Here's why computers still  have a lot to learn from *human* intelligence — and how machine learning could help us with our very human problems: 
Esther Duflo hated her first economics class, but eventually went on to get a Nobel Prize in economics. How you may ask? In this episode of Taken for Granted, Esther talks with Adam about fighting poverty and myths around motivation. Listen on @Spotify:  
"It’s not enough to cut our own emissions, although that is vital.  We have to make sure we are helping those who have done the least to cause climate change to do so, too." — First Minister of Scotland @NicolaSturgeon 
When it comes to fertility, studies mostly focus on women. 

But more and more research suggests they should look at men, too: 
Here are 3 strategies for identifying tomorrow's high performers. 

Watch Jason Shen's full TED Talk here:  
Our identities are way too complex to be summed up in one word. Instead of "Where are you from?" ask this instead.

Watch Taiye Selasi's full TED Talk here:  
Need a break from work or the news? We've got a brain-teaser for you: 
Ready to stretch your mind? Take your perspective to the next level with TED Membership. Join us for exclusive events and inspiring conversation circles with inquisitive humans from all over the world. Become a TED Member today!  
"Is simply restoring environments without fundamentally changing the business-as-usual paradigm really a solution to climate change?" 
Hyperloop technology is here. Here's how it could transform mass transportation — and what it was like to be the first passenger: 
It stands for monosodium glutamate — and it doesn't deserve the bad rap it gets: 
Fertility surveys show us that male infertility is likely higher than female infertility. 😱 Yet when we talk about fertility, most of the attention is focused on people with ovaries. Listen to Am I Normal with @MonaChalabi on @ApplePodcasts:  
This is what working parents wish everyone else knew: 
You may think you don't have the right experience, degree or past to get your dream job — but you do!

Here's how to reframe your story: 
World leaders are currently meeting in Glasgow, Scotland on what to do about climate change. 

And the stakes are very, very high: 
“Time disappears. You forget yourself. You feel part of something larger.” 
"Reclaiming your language and embracing your culture is a powerful way to be yourself in the age of globalization." 

Watch Daniel Bögre Udell's TED Talk here:  
Physical rest, mental rest, creative rest, emotional rest ... And yes, you need them all! 
We're pumping 55 billion metric tons of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere each year. 

Here's the plan to bring it down to 0 — by 2050: 
Happy Birthday Marie Curie! 

Here's how the late French scientist blazed trails in oncology, technology, medicine and nuclear physics: 
Grab a pen and paper before you watch this talk. 

Trust us. 
Why are squids so ... freaky?!

Watch Roger Hanlon's full TED Talk about the camouflaging abilities of cephalopods here:  
Prefer to get your information by watching, not reading? 

These docs cover the history and impacts of climate change — and provide hope for a solution: 
How many people does it take to make a cup of coffee?

It's not a joke — we actually found out: 
This solution wouldn't just take a huge chunk out of carbon pollution — it could also reduce people’s energy bills by a huge amount too: 
"This is the difference between profit and true wealth." 

Watch Chobani CEO Hamdi Ulukaya's full TED Talk here:  
"[Being overly driven by data] keeps us bound, so that we can't move into the future because we're so busy being tied to the past." — Netflix CMO Bozoma Saint John (@badassboz) 

Watch her full talk here: 
At one point, electric cars accounted for 40% of all vehicles on the road. 

So, why did they vanish? 
Even in the 21st century, people lose their jobs, are sent home from school, and even jailed ... all because of their clothes. 

Here's a brief history of the fashion police: 
We're raising our girls to be perfect, and we're raising our boys to be brave. This has to stop.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
This is the amazing story of an unlikely spy who saved countless Allied lives and helped defeat the Nazis: 
"Try to bust yourself gently of the fantasy that publication will heal you, that it will fill the Swiss-cheese-y holes inside of you. It can’t. It won’t. But writing can.” – @AnneLamott 
This new tech could fix one of the biggest hurdles in vaccine distribution: Refrigeration. 
Has a bird ever crashed into your window? 🪶Consider this: 8% of birds in North America will die every year flying into buildings. Explore the fascinating story behind the data on this episode of Am I Normal? with @MonaChalabi. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Did you know? Every fall, when we gain an hour of sleep due to daylight saving time, heart attack rates fall by 21%. 

Seriously. 
Chronic stress can damage virtually every part of your body. Watch this — and then take some deep breaths: LINK #StressAwarenessDay 
Returning to the office full (or even part) time? Here's how to make easing back into in-person work a little less stressful: 
"Our brains think, 'Oh yeah, sure, I know what’s next in my life.' In reality, we suck at it." — @NeilPasricha 
In this tour-de-force talk, @AlGore lays out the current state of the climate crisis — and it's shocking. 

This is a must-watch for anyone who lives on Earth: 
In data and statistics, we often ignore the outliers so they don't skew the big picture. 

But here's why they could actually reveal something important: 
@kvconner This might be the best review we’ve ever heard! Thank you. 🥰
Whether you come for professional development or a personal recharge, there's so much to experience at TED Women! Learn more about this amazing conference here: 
Want to feel inspired? Become a TED Member to join a new global community united by a common curiosity. Exclusive events and unforgettable connections are just a click away.  
Here's how the #NoShaveNovember / #Movember trend started — and how its helps raise awareness and research money for men's health. 

Watch the full talk here:  
"You will not find the answer in the Declaration of Independence, nor will you find it in the Constitution. It is just a stupid law from 1845." 
The overwhelming majority of @NYTimes obituaries have this one word in common.

Watch Lux Narayan's full TED Talk here:  
Cursed rings, hoarding dragons and dwarves from Tolkien's classic series all started with this ancient myth: 
Over the next 2 weeks, leaders from around the world will meet in Glasgow to discuss the existential threat to our planet: Climate change.

Here's why #COP26 is so important: 
"No country's immune from the climate crisis. But in every country, it is the poorest and most vulnerable who are hardest hit, despite having done least to cause the problem." — @UN Secretary-General @AntonioGuterres 
1) Get personal with your customers.
2) Don't be afraid to throw out the old rulebook. 
3) Get in touch with your intuition. 


Moving forward with grief, finding forgiveness in unlikely places, and more talks that will move you: 
We *can* turn the tide of the climate crisis — but we've got to work together! 

Watch the full #TEDCountdown livestream and hear from scientists, activists and other leading voices about the real actions we can take right now to change climate change: 
Global food production accounts for about 1/4 of greenhouse gas emissions! 

Reducing our meat and dairy intake would seriously help:  #WorldVeganDay
“I wonder if the sun debates dawn some mornings not wanting to rise out of bed from under the down feather horizon” - poet Naima Penniman

For more beautiful  performances + ways to take climate action, watch Saturday's #TEDCountdown event on demand now:  
Talks on bats, spiders, serial killers, zombies ... and other  terrifying topics: 
These mind-controlling parasites override the brains of their hosts — and could even manipulate humans. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Toxic elements and chemicals have been used to dye everything from wallpaper to candy — here are the 4 deadliest: 
 
Why do some crows have sex on top of *dead* crows? 

And other strange grieving habits of animals: 
We might be biased, but Ethan has our vote! 😍🎃 
When it comes to climate change, our work is cut out for us. Thankfully, we *can* do this! But we've got to start now. And we've got to go all-in. 

Want to hear more from @ShivSoin? Check out yesterday's #TEDCountdown event on demand on @YouTube:  
Antibiotic-resistant infections are a an enormous challenge for medicine. 
Frogs actually *do* know when a rising temp is putting them in danger. But humans on the other hand ... 
Climate change is a *planetary* emergency! 🌎🔥 Thankfully, there's still hope! 😌

Want to hear about it? Watch the full #TEDCountdown Global Livestream on demand featuring inspiration — and solutions! — from amazing speakers like Johan Rockstrom here:  
Couldn't make the #TEDCountdown Global Livestream today? It's not too late to watch!

See the whole event, featuring the best ideas on the path to a sustainable, climate-friendly future, here: 
It's true, we're still going strong! Watch the #TEDCountdown Global Livestream here:  
By protecting Earth's invaluable resources — water, air, land —  we can stop adding to the climate problem, and in turn, save millions of lives.

Tune in now to hear how:  #TEDCountdown
These amazing drones can plant billions of trees *and* restore the natural habitats of animals like 🐨🐨🐨 
Have a question about climate change? We want to hear it!

@LatifNasser and TED Science curator, David Biello (@dbiello) will be answering your burning questions live on air.

Tell us what you want to know — and don't forget to use #TEDCountdown!
Are you ready to go???

The #TEDCountdown Global Livestream is now LIVE on @YouTube. Tune in here: 
The good news is: We can do this! 💪🌎 We *can* turn the tide on the climate crisis. 

Tune in to the #TEDCountdown Global Livestream today at 12 PM ET on @YouTube to learn how:  
Before you buy that giant bag of Halloween candy this year ... read this: 
Here's what 👻 stories reveal about the people who tell them — and the places they haunt: 
"Time and time again, we've seen that when people raise their voices, that chorus becomes too urgent and too loud for leaders to ignore."
— Deputy Secretary-General of the @UN Amina J. Mohammed (@AminaJMohammed) 
Do you know the actual difference between weather and climate? 

Here's why it's an important distinction: 
These stars, performers, activists and and global leaders are all ready to take climate action. Are you?

Join us TOMORROW, 10.30.2021, for the #TEDCountdown Global Livestream at 12 PM ET on @YouTube. Set a reminder here:  
Here's what will happen when world leaders come together for this major climate convention over the next 2 weeks.

And why some experts are worried COP26 won't achieve its goals: 
"Flagging the bias didn't prevent us from getting the work done. In fact, it helps us work together more honestly." 
TED Membership makes a huge difference in our ability to present ideas that matter. Every dollar we receive helps drive our mission as a nonprofit to ensure that new ideas are accessible to everyone. Help us shape the future. Become a TED Member today:  
Ready to turn climate solutions into action — and see highlights from the Countdown Summit in Edinburgh? Join the Countdown Global Livestream on Youtube this Saturday, 10.30.2021. Set a reminder to tune in here:  #TEDCountdown
Quote tweet this with your number 1 reason for fighting climate change.
Want to teach your kids empathy and compassion? Start by showing them yourself: 
Want to talk about the utility of useless machines? Or how to mend a broken heart? Join TED Membership for access to a global community of thinkers and doers who love TED Talks as much as you do! Become a Member today:  
If we want to unlock the full potential of technology like machine learning and artificial intelligence, here are 3 things we should do: 
We can't wait! 😍🌍 #TEDCountdown 
Here's how China’s swift shift to green energy will affect the world: 
As individuals, we can't do everything to fix climate change. But we can do our part, says Ryan Panchadsaram (@rypan). 

Learn more at the #TEDCountdown Global Livestream on 10.30.2021 at 12PM ET! Set a reminder to tune on @YouTube here:  
Could this be the silver bullet in fighting climate change? 

Maybe — but it's complicated ... 
These actors, musicians, activists and global leaders will all be on the Countdown Global Livestream event THIS SATURDAY!

So ... will you be there too? Set a reminder to tune in, 10.30.2021 at 12PM ET, on @YouTube here:  
When employees own and operate companies, work and wages improve. 

Here's why these co-ops could be a better alternative to the gig economy: 
When future generations look back on us, and the actions we did or did not take, what will they think?

Watch the full talk here:  
What do a WNBA superstar and activist, actress, educator, computer scientist have in common?
They’re some of the amazing speakers sharing their ideas on stage at TED Women. You won’t want to miss this lineup! Learn more:  
The Black Sea has been called “the world’s biggest pickle jar.” 

Here's why: 
"The worse these companies behave and the richer they become, the more they spend on looking cool and talking about fairness and community." 
Depending on how they're gathered *and* presented, statistics can be pretty misleading.

Here's how to avoid being fooled: 
"Once-in-a-decade" floods are more severe and more frequent than ever before. Here's why: 
It’s OK to feel sad, hopeless and even angry about the planet’s health. Here’s what to do next.

Watch the full talk here:  
Join longtime PepsiCo CEO @IndraNooyi as she shares her predictions on the future of business — from embracing flexibility to creating equitable arrangements for women to making family a priority. Hear more on @Spotify:  
Modern wind turbines have made wind energy the most efficient and inexpensive source of electricity! 
Are you collaborating *too much* at work? (Yes, it's possible.) Here's how to tell: 
Carnivore or vegetarian? Turns out, you don't have to be one or the other! There are so many benefits to be had by simply eating *less* meat.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Yes, climate change is bad ... and it could get a whole lot worse. 

Here's what *really* needs to happen to slow things down: 
We tend to believe our dentist. But when data journalist @MonaChalabi visited two different dentists, they gave her two different diagnoses. So how do we know who’s telling the tooth? Listen to Am I Normal with Mona Chalabi on @Spotify:  
If you find yourself getting pulled into projects that burn up your time *and* don't help you advance — read this: 

Ever wonder why gay women are called "lesbians"? Well, it's all because of this writer ... 
The global shift to 100% emissions-free transportation is underway. Are you in?

Watch the full TED Talk from Monica Araya (@MonicaArayaTica) here:  
Yes, some changes to the Earth's climate are now irreversible, says this report — but there's still time to act and prevent the very worst: 
If we want a sustainable future, we need to take out one molecule of greenhouse gas from the air for every molecule we put in it. And here's how we do that: 
The honest truth: Offsetting the carbon emitted by major companies won't be enough — they need to reduce their emissions as well: 
Geothermal energy is safer, cheaper *and* greener than traditional gas heating systems.  

Watch Kathy Hannun's full talk to learn about how it could be our key to a fossil fuel-free future:  
Here's a better way for companies to track *and* reduce their carbon pollution — and it's all thanks to tech: 
Memo to leaders: Here are the old ways of working that need to be left behind post-pandemic: 
"Art's not a luxury; it's actually sustenance. We need it." 

Watch Ethan Hawke's full talk here:  
The mitochondria may be the powerhouse of the cell ...

But, genetically, it's completely different from anything else in your body. Here's how: 
Here are some small — but powerful! — things you can do to honor a coworker's identity and experiences, develop their trust, and build them up, from Melinda Briana Epler (@mbrianaepler): 
Is stress getting the best of you? Here are three signs: 
1. Depersonalization
2. Decreased sense of accomplishment
3. Emotional exhaustion
Join @emilynagoski and @ameliarnp as they share how to overcome stress. Listen to TED Health on @ApplePodcasts:  
Inside the amazing AI that could use your social media photos to save endangered species *and* protect our planet's biodiversity: 
Could empowering people to start childcare programs out of their homes be the answer to our childcare mess? This speaker thinks so: 
It takes ...
— 40 - 60 hours to go from acquaintance to casual friend
— 80 - 100 to become a full friend
— And 200 to become a best friend

Learn more about the fascinating research into friendship here: 
Who are the two friends you can always call? Tag them below 👇

In this episode, data journalist @MonaChalabi maps out how many relationships we should maintain and the friendships we need. Listen to Am I Normal? with Mona Chalabi on @Spotify:  
This common underwater plant can capture greenhouse gassed from the air, replace plastics and other materials — and even make faux meat! 
What we know — and don't know — about pregnancy's effects on the body and brain: 
If we really want to reduce carbon pollution, we need to think *beyond*  replacing fossil fuels — and build a brand-new clean energy system! Here's one way we could do this: 
The sun shines for free — and it's not going to run out of light any time soon! So why haven't we made the switch? 
If you could recap the last century in one headline, what would it be? Comment below 👇

In this episode of TED Talks Daily, writer Steven Johnson explains why he believes it's the story of a single number.
Listen on @Stitcher:  
Here's why psychologist @GuyWinch says we should be optimistic in the face of climate change.

Are you in? Tune in to the Countdown Global Livestream on 10.30.21 on @YouTube:  (Hit the bell to be reminded when we go live!) 
Here's why having a hopeful vision for a sustainable future isn't naïve — it's necessary. 
The creepiest professions? Clown, taxidermist, sex-shop owner and funeral director. 

You'll never guess which is the least creepy: 
This chicken isn't chicken ... except that it is! Here's how these cell-based meats could change how we get our food — and how it affects our planet: 
At the age of 18, Allyson Felix won an Olympic silver medal in the 200-meter dash. Where others saw “second-best in the world,” she only saw “not first.” Listen to Taken for Granted on @Spotify:  
Here's the real difference between introverts and extroverts — from the way they speak to the way they socialize ... and even how often they have sex!

Watch Brian Little's full talk here:  
Is there a faster way to heal from a broken heart? The answer is ... well ... complicated. Here's what data journalist @MonaChalabi found out: 
"We're all hallucinating all the time, including right now. It's just that when we agree about our hallucinations, we call that reality."

Watch @anilkseth's full TED Talk here:  
Extreme weather events like floods, typhoons and droughts are becoming more frequent, thanks to climate change. Can humans adapt? 
1) Listen to them
2) Learn with them
3) Help them connect to nature
4) Empower them to act 

Have you ever read Their Eyes Were Watching God?

Here's why Zora Neale Hurston's acclaimed novel has remained a classic: 
Here's how paternity leave strengthens families — and workplaces: 
Do you know what it means to be you? Join neuroscientist @anilkseth TOMORROW at 12 pm ET for a live talk about his new book, "Being You," exclusively for TED Members. Become a Member to join:  
Breakups are hard. But how long is too long to get over your ex?
Data journalist @MonaChalabi dives into the numbers behind heartbreak to find the answer. Listen to the first episode of Am I Normal? with Mona Chalabi on @ApplePodcasts:  
Here's how to talk to anyone, anywhere: 
People of color are far more likely to suffer the effects of climate change. Here's how we can build a movement that protects the planet and *all* of its people. 

Watch MP @DavidLammy's full TED Talk here:  
Inside the life and work of this master of the horror genre: 
Here are 2 tips for better sleep.

Learn more about amazing benefits of sleep — and the dangers of not getting enough:  
We don't mean to scare you but ... here's what life could look like if climate change continues unchecked: 
"I'm proud that I made it back out onto the field, but I'm more proud of what got me there. Not the physical journey, but the mental one." 
"I'd like to take you on a musical journey that connects you with one of those people, someone you love dearly, someone you wanted to have a little more time to love, someone you wish was still with you." 
"I invite each of you to ask yourself: What is the future you want? And what are you doing to make that future a reality?"  — climate leader Christiana Figueres 

Watch @CFigueres's full talk here:  
Fast-charging batteries are a promising step towards an electric vehicle future — but there are a few bumps in the road before we get there: 
Mutant zombies are chasing you! 🧟🧟🧟 

Can you and your friends safely cross a rickety old bridge 
and escape them in time? 
Consider this an excuse to go make some cookies ... you know, for science! 
This is how to talk to people you *really* don't agree with. 

Watch Dylan Marron's full TED Talk here:  
"The world is spending its intellectual, financial and technical capital to dig up stuff that we know we can't burn —and if we do, it will burn us." 
Here's how this simple solution — planting rooftop gardens — could help big cities counteract climate change *and* air pollution: 
There is a bias against dark skin in dermatology — and it's causing some skin diseases to go undiagnosed: 
You don't have to become an activist, spend weekends at protests, or even start composting to fight climate change!

Here are things anyone can do to take meaningful action: 
Wind, solar, coal, and nuclear energy all take up very different amounts of space. 

Here's why that matters: 
Prefer to get your information by watching, not reading? 

Here are some fascinating docs that can teach you about the past, present and future of the climate crisis: 
Want to have better, deeper conversations? 

Podcast host —and musician —@HrishiHirway says you should treat them like you're listening to a song: 
This common medical phenomenon often manifests in hallucinations of a demon sitting on your chest — all while you're totally unable to move. 😨
Could we get to clean transportation by 2040?

Listen to this brand new #TEDCountdown conversation between @MonicaArayaTica and @TEDChris: 
Want to feel inspired? Become a TED Member to join a new global community united by curiosity and a love for big ideas:  
✨NEW✨ podcast coming soon: Am I Normal? with Mona Chalabi
We all want to know if we’re normal — listen as data journalist @MonaChalabi dives into the numbers to get some answers. Get notified when the first episode drops by following on @ApplePodcasts:  
Inside the decades-long, racist campaign against monosodium glutamate: 
Calling all TED Fans! Whether you’ve only ever watched one TED Talk or given one yourself, we have something special for you. Get special access to a global community, inspiring events, captivating conversations, and more. Join today:  
Here's what this climate activist wished she had known when she started out as a young changemaker: 
Just 15 global systems — from arctic ice to the Amazon rainforest — regulate the climate and keep earth inhabitable for humans. 9 of them now face a dangerous tipping point. 

Watch the full talk here:  
It doesn't seem like a lot, but keeping global temperature increase to 1.5°C is actually much better for us — and the Earth — than hitting 2°C. 
"Climate change is no longer a prediction. It is here, and it happened far faster than even the experts predicted." —environmental educator Severn Cullis-Suzuki (@SevernSuzuki) 
Tribal attorney Tara Houska (@zhaabowekwe) explains the systemic problems faced by Native communities — and ways that others can support them. 

Watch her full talk here:  
Columbus didn't discover America *and* he wasn't even the first European there. 

Here's the truth:  #IndigenousPeoplesDay
Of the 60 currently spoken Indigenous languages in Canada, all but 6 are considered endangered by the United Nations. 

Here's what can be done to save them: 
Here are 6 steps that can make coming out as an LGBTQ+ person a little bit easier:  #NationalComingOutDay
"Remember, bipolar disorder is a medical condition, not a person's fault, or their whole identity." 
"Speak up if you're struggling. Being honest about how we feel does not make us weak; it makes us human." 
It’s #MentalHealthDay and we’ve got just the thing to help feed your brain, body, and soul. Here’s a playlist of talks to help you better understand and take care of your mental health. Listen on @Spotify: 
Want to support a friend or family member who's dealing with mental health issues — but don't know what to do or say? 

Here are some tips from @SahajKohli that will allow you to show up for them in a way that's helpful and empathic:  #WorldMentalHealthDay 
Here are some dos and don'ts to help you talk to friends who are struggling.

Watch Bill Bernat's full TED Talk here:  
Here's what to ask, expect and look out for when seeing a therapist for the first time. 

(Plus, how many sessions it takes to know if they're right for you.) 
"Climate change is no longer a prediction. It is here, and it happened far faster than even the experts predicted." — Severn Cullis-Suzuki (@SevernSuzuki)

Watch her full talk from @TEDCountdown here:  
This plant geneticist's gift to the Earth? Creating 🌱🌱🌱that could actually slow down climate change! 

Here's how: 
Have you ever taken the "road less traveled" in your life? 

Check out this beautiful animation of the classic Robert Frost poem here: 
If it feels like these extreme weather events are happening more often — they are! And they're more severe than ever: 
100 years ago, the average global life expectancy was in the mid 30s. Today, it's just over 70.

Here's how it happened — and whether or not we'll keep living longer and longer: 
Never underestimate the power of fangirls.

Watch Yve Blake's full TED Talk here:  
Who better to learn about the complex history and culture behind twerking than @lizzo?! Tune into this episode of TED Talks Daily for a powerful talk on owning and loving your body, whatever shape it comes in. Listen on @Spotify:  
After water, tea is the 2nd most consumed beverage in the world. Here's how it took over the globe: 
Up until 1820, China and India had the biggest economies in the world. 

Here's how they fell — and how they've staged a staggering comeback: 
Here's a better way for companies to track *and* reduce their carbon pollution — all powered by tech: 
Looking for something new? Discover unforgettable events, new friendships, and thoughtful conversations you won’t want to miss! Join TED today:  
Looking for something new? Discover unforgettable events, new friendships, and thoughtful conversations you won’t want to miss! Join TED today:  
And — just as important — what to do once you've found it. 
One of the most underrated skills for reaching your goals? Confidence. In this episode of TED Business, Join educator Brittany Packnett (@MsPackyetti) to learn three key steps to build confidence and community. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Wind turbines are the most efficient and inexpensive source of electricity — but could they power our whole planet one day? 
This researcher says obesity is a disease — and not a personal failing or weakness — and he's identified a hormone that could help us treat it: 
"What we do or don't do right now will affect my entire life and the lives of my children and grandchildren. What we do or don't do right now, me and my generation can't undo in the future."

Watch @GretaThunberg's full talk here:  
Even a walk around the block or a 10-minute workout can have long-term benefits for your brain: 
This method has led to the discovery of 10s of thousands of species over the past decade! Here's how it works: 
🙋 Raise your hand if you have ever been “crazy busy.” 
Learning how to navigate these moments is essential for your well-being. In this episode of TED Health, ER @DrDarria shares her tips for never being “crazy busy” again. Listen on @spotifypodcasts:  
If you find yourself joining (or getting dragged into) projects that burn up your time *and* don't help your career — read this: 
Even if you haven't heard of Beethoven's Symphony Number Five .... you've definitely at least *heard* it: 
Creativity is a muscle; the more you use it the more you have it. Few people know this better than Ethan Hawke who has worn many hats in his career. Hear how to harness your creativity in this episode of Design Matters. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Plus, the 2 simple words that kill any conversation: 
It's #WorldTeacherDay! Tell us about a teacher that made a lasting impact on your life.

Watch Rita Pierson's full talk here:  
"Success is no longer about our individual ambitions, but about how we build something greater, together." 
This is the power of accepting your negative emotions. 

Watch Susan David's full TED Talk here:  
“My message to the leaders of my former employer Facebook is this: Right now, people are using your tools exactly as they were designed to sow hatred, division and distrust. And you’re not just allowing it, you’re enabling it.” — Yaël Eisenstat 
Would you go head-to-head with a friend to challenge your most firmly held beliefs? Join writers @AdamMGrant and @Gladwell as they rethink each other’s big ideas with surprising and often hilarious outcomes. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Math nerds ... this one is for you: 
It's time for countries and political leaders to start thinking of budget deficits as necessary investments in their citizens — and not as scary piles of debt. 

Here's why: 
Did you know: Dogs and cats eat about 1/4 of all the meat-derived calories consumed in the US!  
Causation does not mean correlation. 

Here's a perfect example of this faulty argument: 
"The climate crisis has already been solved. We already have all the facts and solutions. All we have to do is to wake up and change." 

— @GretaThunberg 
Twerking is everywhere — but do you know where it really came from?

@Lizzo explains why it's so important for all of us know to know its history: 
Anti-vaccine groups recruit the undecided at a rate 500% faster than the pro-vaccine groups. Here's why: 
Here are some coping strategies that just make anxiety worse — and what to do instead: 
Geothermal energy is at least 2 times more energy efficient than fossil fuel equivalents! 

Here's how it works: 
Actually, introverts aren't antisocial! Here's the real difference between personality types.

Watch the full talk from Brian Little here:  
"I am tired of carrying this invisible burden of other people's fears." — @Baratunde

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
Congratulations to author and historian Ibram X. Kendi (@DrIbram) who was just named a 2021 MacArthur Fellow! 

Watch his full TED Talk to learn why being "not racist" is not enough — and what it really takes to be antiracist:  
Here's how to find the people who can support and motivate you to reach all your health goals: 
Have you ever been so worried about a big presentation or a test that your mind goes totally blank?

Here's why that happens: 
Little known fact: We need anxiety to stay alive. But how do we know when it crosses the line from survival instinct to serious problem? Join @DrJenGunter to learn what healthy vs. unhealthy anxiety looks like. 

Listen on @Spotify:  
Global food production accounts for about 1/4 of greenhouse gas emissions! 

Reducing our meat and dairy intake would seriously help:  #WorldVegetarianDay
It’s #InternationalPodcastDay! To help you celebrate, we’ve handpicked some of our favorite TED podcast episodes. Listen to all of them and more on @applepodcasts by clicking here:  
Many believed it was destroyed in a catastrophic fire. 

The truth is actually much more complex ... 
Grab a pen and paper before you watch this talk. 

Trust us. 
"We see so much erasure of what Black people have created, so I want to do everything in my power to prevent the erasure of Blackness from twerking."

Watch @Lizzo's full TED Talk here:  
What does the future of movement look like for humanity? This speaker shares how universal digital passports could change how countries approach immigration — and open up the world to each of us: 
"If success doesn’t earn you the right to say no, what kind of success is it?" 
Your emotions aren't hard-wired. With some practice, you can actually learn how to control them.

Watch the full talk here:  
An impressive memory is just one example of elephants' incredible intelligence: 
Join us TOMORROW to select the next TED speaker for our TED Idea Search: Latin America. Five finalists will pitch their ideas and participate in a live Q&amp;A. Become a TED Member to attend and cast your vote!  
The easiest way to make a choice in seemingly impossible circumstances is to ask yourself “What do I really value?“. Tune in to Checking In for a blueprint on how to identify your values — and live by them. 

Listen on @Spotify:  
"I am just one of millions of people who have been told that in order to fulfill my dreams, in order to contribute my talents to the world, I have to resist the truth of who I am."

Watch America Ferrera's full talk here:  
Wage theft can take many sneaky forms like:

— Paying below the minimum wage
— Withholding benefits, overtime, breaks and tips
— Misclassifying workers as contractors

Here's what it takes to stop it: 
If you’ve ever been treated like an outsider, then you know the toll it takes on your mental and overall health. Tune into TED Health for strategies to build resilience against the stress of being “otherized”. 

Listen on @Castbox_fm:  
Here's how to get the most rest and cognitive benefits out of a nap — and still be able to fall asleep at night: 
This is what the future of energy efficient housing could look like: 
Of course @MaysoonZayid's TED Talk is hilarious: She's a stand-up comedian. 

Listen as she shares how she's not only blazed her own trail in entertainment but how she's creating opportunities for other Arabs, Muslims and people with disabilities: 
Join us TOMORROW to select the next TED speaker for our TED Idea Search: Latin America. Five finalists will pitch their ideas and participate in a live Q&amp;A. Become a TED Member to attend and cast your vote! Sign up here:  
Is your job creeping into your free time — but you feel powerless to stop it? 

Here's how to set boundaries that stick 💪 
"Embrace your many passions. Follow your curiosity down those rabbit holes. Explore your intersections."

Watch Emilie Wapnick's full TED Talk here:  
You might not understand quantum physics ... 

But we bet you understand foosball. 
You know that “meh” feeling you get sometimes? You know… mindlessly scrolling, joyless TV bingeing, up all night with nothing to show for it? It’s called languishing and here’s what you can do to overcome it. 

Listen to TED Talks Daily on @ApplePodcasts:  
It sounds like science fiction, but some scientists believe it's a possibility. 
Growing research suggests that reading books — especially fiction — could make you more empathetic. Here's why: 
What we do doesn't just change us, it also changes the people around us. Here's why that's important for climate action: 
Sex-changing fish, lobsters that flirt by spraying mates with urine, and more shocking ways sea creatures do it: 
We know, we know. But hear us out ... 
Small talk doesn't have to be awkward! 

Trust us: 
Imagine getting medicine that's designed for *and* by your body — well, it's in the works and here's how scientists are doing it: 
"If all of us took care of the Earth as a practice, as a culture, none of us would have to be full-time climate activists."

Watch @XiyeBastida's full TED Talk here:  
Tune into TED Climate for the surprising answer on how to sip more sustainably in your everyday life. Listen on Stitcher: 
Poll time! Which milk is best for you (and the planet)? Almond, Oat or Cow?
There is no known medical or physiological function for hiccups! 

But scientists have 2 theories about why we get them: 
"If we wait until our generation — Generation Z — is old enough to be in power, it will be far too late to address [the climate] crisis." — @Jamie_Margolin
 
Do you pay attention to your attention? It may be the best way to discover your true passion. Hear how author @johngreen created a metric for his attention and the epic journey that led him on. 

Listen to Worklife on @Spotify:  
Grab a pen and paper before you watch this talk. 

Trust us. 
This is how art powers social change: 
People are leaving their jobs in record numbers — so here's what companies can do to *actually* keep them from going: 
Few people know more about building a brand from the ground up like makeup guru Bobbi Brown. In this episode of Design Matters, Bobbi lays out how to go from idea concept to execution — and make an impact while you’re at it. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Should we intervene to stop species from going extinct — or is the threat of unintended consequences too high? Before you answer, here's what to consider: 
In 2009, a satellite discovered a never-before-seen wavelength radiating off certain parts of the Earth.

But... what was it??? 🤔 
Paying attention &gt; getting attention. 

Watch Joseph Gordon Levitt's full TED Talk on how our obsession with likes and followers is ruining our creativity:  
Become a founding member of a special community of thinkers and doers just like you.  Explore TED Membership:  
Surprising fact: 1 in 8 individual births start out as twin pregnancies. 
 
We end up doing some of our worst thinking when we’re under pressure. Here's how you can start to see clearly: 
Here's what this photographer learned about life while documenting death.

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
Yet another reason why inequality is bad: Anxiety, depression — and even narcissism! — tend to be more common in countries that are less equal: 
Did you know that you have life-saving medicine inside your body? Turns out there are small balls of fat within us are that are perfect tools for designing cutting edge treatments to COVID, HIV and even cancer. 

Listen to TED Health for more on @Spotify:  
Spoiler: It doesn't have anything to do with words and pronunciation ... 
#HispanicHeritageMonth runs until October 15! Here are 10 powerful ideas from Latinx and Hispanic voices: 
Don't fall for "greenwashing"! Here's how to tell which companies are actually working to protect the planet: 
"We owe future generations a world free of sexual violence. I believe we can build that world." 

Watch @TaranaBurke's full TED Talk here:  
What if humanity surrendered almost all of the globe back to nature — and only lived on 0.02% of Earth's surface?

Here's why it's possible — and what it would look like: 
It's time for companies to place their workers above their shareholders. Abigail Disney (yes, that Disney) redefines a company’s purpose in this episode of TED Business. 

Listen on @Spotify:  
You might be familiar with the striking gaze of her self portraits — but do you know who Frida Kahlo really was? 
If you've been feeling stagnant, uninspired and unmotivated, you're probably languishing. 

Here's why it happens — and how you can escape it: 
We're living in a time of immense change and uncertainty. 

Here's how to stay grounded: 
We need to de-stigmatize menstruation. Period. 

Watch @DrJenGunter's full TED Talk here:  
Do you know pirate code? 🏴‍☠️ You'll have to figure it out to divvy up this booty:  #TalkLikeAPirateDay
"Anyone who is suffering from shame and public humiliation needs to know one thing: You can survive it." — @MonicaLewinsky 

This common underwater plant can capture greenhouse gassed from the air, replace plastics and other materials — and even make faux meat! 
The overwhelming majority of @NYTimes obituaries have one word in common. This is what makes a life remembered: 
"The way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep." - @AriannaHuff

Watch Arianna Huffington's full TED Talk here:  
Anger actually isn't bad for us — as long as we learn how to control it: 
"One person asking for inconvenient change is mostly inconvenient. Two, five, ten, one hundred people asking for inconvenient change ... are hard to ignore." 

Watch Luisa Neubauer’s full TED Talk here:  
This clean energy source is totally renewable, and it's right beneath our feet! 

Here's what it is — and how we could harness it: 
What do an FBI negotiator, Arianna Huffington and psychologist Adam Grant have in common? They all know a thing or two on how to set healthy boundaries — at work and in life. 

Listen to Worklife for tips on saying no meaningfully on Stitcher:  
If you... 
Question everything
Crave new perspectives 
Love big ideas
TED Membership is just for you! Join now for exclusive access to inspiring events, captivating conversations, and more:  
How can cities be more resilient in the face of rising sea levels and natural disasters like flooding? 

Look to The Netherlands: 
Save the date: Another @TEDCountdown global livestream event is coming your way on 10.30.21! Tune in to see climate experts, advocates and activists from around the world share their big ideas on how we can achieve a net zero future. Learn more:  
Two years after a gruesome leg injury nearly destroyed his career, here's how this pro football player bounced back — and led his team to the playoffs: 
Yes, climate change is bad ... and it could get a whole lot worse. 

Here's what really needs to happen to slow things down: 
Even Plato had a couple of stinkers ... 
Here's how to see your problems for what they really are — and work through them in a healthy way: 
Save the date: Another global livestream event is coming your way on 10.30.21! Tune in to see climate experts, advocates and activists from around the world share their big ideas on how we can achieve a net zero future. Learn more:  
You have more free time than you think. Here's how to start using it better: 
Here's one speaker's story of growing up trans — and what she thinks we should all be doing to support trans youth, from @NicoleAMaines: 
Join a new thoughtful community. Make unforgettable connections and gain a new optimism with TED Membership. Learn more:  
At a time when almost all the Native Americans in North America were being forced onto reservations, this Indigenous empire was still expanding. 

Learn about their epic rise *and* fall — in just 5 minutes: 
We already know everything we need to do to solve climate change today. So why aren’t we doing it? Tune in to this episode of TED Climate for surprising insights on what’s stalling us and how we can get going. 

Listen on @amazonmusic:  
"In our most painful moments, in the face of the fires of injustice, I have seen labors of love deliver us." — @ValarieKaur 
"I've always believed that having children was an extension of womanhood, not the definition."

Watch Christen Reighter's full talk here:  
Want other people to care about climate change? Speak from the heart.

Watch Katharine Hayhoe's full TED Talk here:  
If you truly want to understand your own  health and well-being, you need to start looking beyond what you see in the mirror. Here's why: 
Here's what to ask, expect and look out for when seeing a therapist for the first time. (Plus, how many sessions it takes to know if they're right for you.) 
Here's how this everyday garment could vastly improve women's health: 
Here's how parents can give kids freedom to discover who they are: 
Few people know more about public shaming than @MonicaLewinsky. In this episode of The TED Interview, she shares how she took her power back and how we can create a kinder, bully-free world. 

Listen on @Spotify:  
Here's how to tell when it's time to speak up about the important stuff — and how to do it effectively: 
Just 15 global systems — from arctic ice to the Amazon rainforest — regulate the climate and keep earth inhabitable for humans. 9 of them now face a dangerous tipping point. 

Watch the full talk here:  
Grief is one of the most difficult feelings to navigate, and it shows up in ways we might not realize. In this episode of Checking In, psychologist @SusanDavid_PhD shares strategies to help you manage and move forward with grief. 

Listen on @spotify:  
🦥 🦥 🦥  Tiny, adorable sloths incoming 🦥 🦥 🦥 
The United States alone has enough cornfields to cover Germany. 

That's a lot of 🌽🌽🌽 
This is the best excuse for baking cookies we've ever heard! 
Getting enough sleep doesn't mean you're getting enough rest! 

These are the 7 keys to feeling truly restored: 
Here are 2 tips for better sleep.

Learn more about amazing benefits of sleep — and the dangers of not getting enough:  
For millions of people, past trauma lingers, causing symptoms like flashbacks, nightmares and negative thoughts that interfere with everyday life: 
Need a moment? Try this simple exercise to center and ground yourself. 

Here's how it helps calm you down:  
If you're dealing with tough emotions right now, you're not alone. Here's how to boost your resilience: 
Join an exclusive community of curious learners just like you! Become a TED Member to share new perspectives, discover innovative ways of thinking, and maybe even change the world. Begin your journey today:   
Could these itty-bitty dwellings help fix our housing *and* carbon pollution problems? Here's what you need to know: 
If you've ever wondered ... 

🤔 How will the universe end? 
🤔 What lies at the very edges of our observable cosmos? 
🤔 Are time and space even *real*?

This chat with cosmologist (and @TEDFellow!) @AstroKatie is for you: 
Here's what you can say if you think a loved one might be having suicidal thoughts.

Watch the full talk here:  #WorldSuicidePreventionDay

[CW: Mental health, suicide] 
These organisms lasted for 270 million years — and could be found all over the world! What was their secret? 
Before you google "Is ____  normal?" ... read this first. 
It's time for countries and political leaders to start thinking of budget deficits as necessary investments in their citizens — and not as scary piles of debt. 

Here's why: 
Pick up a pen and start doodling! You might find yourself along the way ... 
The key to this speedy turnaround lies in a medical technology that’s been developing for decades!

Here's how it works: 
Would planting more trees solve the climate crisis? The answer may surprise you. 

Listen to TED Climate on @pocketcasts:  
This author spent almost 2 years with AI scholars, researchers and scientists to figure out what our lives could look like over the next 20 years. 

Here's what he found: 
Slippery slope arguments almost always focus on extreme (and very unlikely) outcomes. 

Here's how to spot one: 
"Is this job tough? You betcha. But it is not impossible. We're educators. We're born to make a difference."

Watch Rita Pierson's inspiring talk here:  
If you’ve experienced a career setback in the last year, here are some useful tips on how you can find and land a new (better!) job in an uncertain job market.

Listen to Worklife on @ApplePodcasts:  
There are some coping strategies that may just be making your anxiety worse — here's what to do instead: 
Feeling a little aimless? Struggling to find motivation? You might be stuck in a state of languishing. Here's how to break free: 
Here's a unique idea: Teach your kids about decision making and the political process — by having them weigh in on how your family's household is run!

Watch the full talk here:  
Want to talk about the utility of useless machines? Or how to mend a broken heart? Join TED Membership for access to a global community of thinkers and doers who love TED Talks as much as you do!  
Here’s the unexpected trick to bringing your full self to work — humor. This and more tips for fostering an accepting workplace on TED Business. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Some origami shapes require only a few folds. Some require up to 1,000! 
 
Really getting to know their teachers can help students be more inspired, attentive and kind at school. Here's 1 project that shows the power of this approach: 
Your biggest struggles don't have to be for nothing. You can still forge meaning from them: 
“Basic income is not a favor, but a right. And its proponents have spanned the spectrum from the left to the right.”

Hear more about the case for basic universal income:  
No, it's not too early to talk about social and environmental justice with the kids in your life.

Chances are, they already know what's going on. 
This woman read 196 books in one year — one from each country — and these are her favorites:  #ReadABookDay
What book are you loving right now? 

Let us know! ⬇️⬇️⬇️ 
Do you deserve your success — or are you just lucky? 
"Three out of four of the people who smile when you walk in, who help you comfort that crying baby, who maybe help you have the best vacation you ever had, can’t consistently put food on the table."

Watch Abigail Disney's full TED Talk here:  
The sun shines for free — and it's not going to run out of light any time soon! So why haven't we made the switch? 
"Parents do not have control in shaping who their children become." 
Want more TED? Become a TED Member for exclusive access to unforgettable live events, a global community and more. Join today:  
It doesn't seem like a lot, but keeping global temperature increase to 1.5°C is actually much better for us — and the Earth — than hitting 2°C. 
Geothermal energy is at least 2 times more energy efficient than fossil fuel! Here's how it works: 
3 questions to ask yourself if you don't know whether to  speak up — or pipe down.

Watch @Luvvie Ajayi Jones' full TED Talk here:  
These amazing drones are able to plant billions of trees *and* are helping restore the natural habitats of animals like 🐨🐨🐨 
Do you get carsick? Here's what we know — and don't know — about why it happens: 
Ocean clean-up ships and beach recycling programs won't be enough to fight plastic pollution. We have to cut off the source.

Watch the full talk here:  
Become a founding member of a special community of thinkers and doers just like you.  Explore TED Membership:  
No matter how talented you are, perseverance — AKA Grit — is what takes you past the finish line. Learn how to foster grit to overcome any obstacle in this episode of the TED with psychologist @angeladuckw. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Many companies are discovering a shorter workweek can boost productivity and creativity, improve recruitment and retention — and prevent burnout: 
Climate change could get a whole lot worse *if* these countries don't step up and take action. Here's where things stand: 
A giant, lifelike puppet of a nine-year-old refugee walks from Turkey to England (literally) in the daring theatrical production.

You have to see @walkwithamal to believe it: 
What does it take to create a utopia? Journey to North Carolina where we explore the short-lived Black utopia Soul City — the first city in America built for and by Black people. 

Listen to Far Flung on @spotifypodcasts:  
Myth #1: “If I do good work, the client will see it and pay me more in the future.” 
The short answer: We do! 

So, what word do you think should be added? 
Indigenous knowledge + an artisan 🍫 revival? Sounds delicious to us! 
Here's how to break through to someone you really don't agree with. 

Watch the full talk here:  
What do you really know about the life cycle of the items you use the most? From cellphones to fashion trends we unpack the secret lives of the things we buy on this episode of TED Climate. 

Listen on @tunein:  
The average recruiter or hiring manager will looks at a resume for just 6 seconds. 

Here's how to make sure yours stands out: 
Have you ever taken the "road less traveled" in your life? 

Check out this beautiful animation of the classic Robert Frost poem here: 
You might want to have a box of tissues handy for this one: 
Where do coral reefs come from? Here's a peek into how baby coral are born. 

Watch the full talk here:  
As the saying goes, you can't un-boil an egg ... But, actually, you can: 
Grief is not linear and honoring a loved one’s memory after death can be a long and painful process. Grief expert @IamDavidKessler shares practical wisdom and a mental framework to make it a little easier. 

Listen to TED Health on @ApplePodcasts:  
And —  just as important — what to do once you've found it. 
When you ruminate, stress sticks around in the body long after the reason for the stress is over. 
Tech companies make $$$ off your data every year so why don’t you get paid for it? Technologist @jenzhuscott makes a bold case for private data ownership and a tech revolution in this episode of TED Business. 

Listen on @Spotify:  
In the future, a computer-powered, self-driving electric car could take you everywhere you need to go — and then just park itself. Here's how it could transform our communities: 
Here's how this teen fought for mental health days in her state's schools — and won: 
For everyone who has wondered, "Is that really what I sound like?"

Watch Rébecca Kleinberger's full TED Talk here:  
The clitoris might be  one of the most misunderstood body parts — even among women! 

How much do you know about it? Find out here: 
"Art's not a luxury, it's actually sustenance. We need it." 

Watch Ethan Hawke's full talk here:  
In this ancient Amazonian tale, the spirit and human worlds collide — and neither come out unscathed: 
Could there actually be life on this very Earth-like moon? This is the trail-blazing mission to find out: 
Let's celebrate the power of books! What's 1 book that's given you comfort in difficult times?

Watch Lisa Bu's full TED Talk here:  
Waste not: Drinking 🚽 water could be in your future — and it's not as gross as you think! 
Why does cracking your joints sound like a bubble popping? Well, because there are bubbles in them! 
Anti-vaccine groups recruit the undecided at a rate 500% faster than the pro-vaccine groups. Here's why: 
Want to actually convince others? Talk less. 
Here's why we must listen to science — even if its findings are inconvenient or controversial. 

Watch the full talk here:  
How do we build more trusting and empathetic relationships, even during a crisis? Renowned therapist @EstherPerel breaks down how to create lasting bonds in romance, family and work in this episode of TED Radio Hour. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
This one is particularly tricky! Let us know if you got the answer. 
You can learn to speak a new language, play a musical instrument or hem pants ... in just 45 minutes a day! Here's why: 
These remarkable rescues are helping protect wildlife and habitats worldwide. Talk about a new leash on life! 
What if we helped kids living in poverty by simply giving their families more money? Neuroscientists did just that — and here's what they learned: 
This is how dogs went from aggressive wolves to humanity's first domesticated pets:  #InternationalDogDay
We need to talk about 💩. No… really. Talking about your poop may be one of the best ways to stay healthy. Join @DrJenGunter  for the scoop on your body’s second brain — your gut!  

Listen to Body Stuff on @spotifypodcasts:  
If you want to... 
🔭 Gain a new, optimistic outlook
🎟 Attend exclusive TED events
🤝 Make new inspiring connections 
Become a TED Member today and join a global community of curious minds! Start here:  
Our society is so polarized not because of politics or social media — but because of our stubborn belief in meritocracy, says philosopher Michael Sandel. Here's how we need to shift our perspective: 
Scientists have started to crack the electrical code of cells — and this amazing discovery could pave the way for breakthroughs like human tissue regeneration and "living" robots. 

Watch the full talk here:  
Here's how this revolutionary tech is helping governments, nonprofits, corporations and more create the world's smartest maps — and a better world: 
Raise your hand if you’ve witnessed some crazy weather in the last year 🤚

You’re not alone. Extreme weather is everywhere. But how is it connected to climate change? Tune in to TED Climate this week to find out. 

Listen on @Stitcher:  
"Migrant" and "refugee" are actually not interchangeable terms. This is the difference — and here's why it matters: 
Songwriters aren't getting a fair deal in the age of streaming. Here's how the music business needs to change: 
 
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original."

Watch the late Sir Ken Robinson's full TED Talk here:  
Most electronics sold today cannot be repaired. Instead, they just get trashed and replaced ... and it's wrecking havoc on our environment: 
Science has given us new insights on the causes of depression and anxiety — and some new solutions. Join journalist @johannhari101 in this episode of TED Talks Daily to learn how to take care of yourself when you feel you can’t. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
The key to this speedy turnaround? The mRNA technology that's been in development for decades!

Here's how it works: 
We don't mean to scare you but ... here's what life could look like if climate change continues unchecked: 
"If you believe ... and you want it, and if you want to you work hard enough for it, it can be so." — @KidCudi 
Calling all TED Fans! We have something special for you. Get exclusive access to unforgettable events with TED speakers, inspiring conversations with a global community, and more:  
Roughly 2 billion people worldwide don’t have access to banks or financial services like credit or insurance. @Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga shares a bold idea to close the financial inclusion gap once and for all. 

Listen to TED Business on @Castbox_fm:  
This new approach to tech has resulted in major breakthroughs in space travel, quantum computing, synthetic biology and more. Here's how it works: 
"Be aggressive about your ambition. Do not allow setbacks to set you back."

Watch Stacey Abrams' full talk here:  
As you expose your muscles to stress — like exercise  — they form microscopic tears. Here's why that's actually a good thing: 
"Of the first 111 NFL players we looked at, 110 were positive for this disease. And of the first 53 college football players we looked at, 48 had this disease."

Watch the full talk on concussions and CTE here:  
30-minute, 60-minute and 90-minute naps all have different benefits ... and downsides: 
How did the COVID-19 vaccine get made so quickly? These scientists (and married couple!) from BioNTech share the inside scoop into how their decades of work on mRNA led the way — and what it means for the future of healthcare: 
This artist manipulates balloons and plastic tubes to make pyramids on the beach, stripes across lakes and rainbow arcs over deserts. Check out his whimsical work: 
Here's why playing with your kids is essential for their future success!

Watch 7-year-old Molly Wright's TED Talk (created in partnership with the @Minderoo Foundation) here:  
Next time you find yourself on the verge of blowing up at your kids, partner, coworkers, or even a stranger — try this instead: 
Here's why we are *so bad* at accurately evaluating ourselves: 
Are you an introvert or an extrovert? 

Here are some intriguing differences between the two: 
If you think it would never happen to you ... watch this. 
There's actually an exact temperature at which humans sleep most soundly. 

Is your room too cold — or too hot? 
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original."

Watch the late Sir Ken Robinson's full TED Talk here:  
When you’ve been doing things one way for a long time, it’s hard to change even when you know it’s for your own good. In this episode of TED Radio Hour, we explore the power of reinvention. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Ever noticed that splashing your face with water just makes you feel ... better? 

Here's the science behind why: 
No, deciding to not have kids isn't "selfish." 
What do English and Hindi have in common? More than you think: 
Work relationships are complicated and hard to navigate. Adam gets personal with therapist @EstherPerel to explore the dynamics of trust, power, and people pleasing in this episode of Worklife. 

Listen on @Spotify:  
A regular breathing practice can help you feel calmer in stressful moments *and* in your everyday life: 
How does this famous beatboxer produce such incredible sounds? We stuck a camera down his throat to find out!

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
We admit, this one stumped us ... how did you do? 
Do you see the big picture, or are you better at zooming in on the small details? Here's how to get better at *both*: 
This centuries-old book is one of history's biggest mysteries. The reason why? 

No one can figure out what it says! 
These are the long-term benefits of regular exercise for your brain. 

Watch Wendy Suzuki's full TED Talk here:  
For parents of children with special needs, it can be overwhelming to know how best to support and help their kids. Hear how one father’s unusual approach helped his son with cerebral palsy get mobile. 

Listen to TED health on @Castbox_fm:  
Looking for your next great read? Join our @GetFable book club and read Big Magic by @GilbertLiz with us! Get started here:  
Checking these off while you're still in school will be way easier — and more beneficial — than waiting til later: 
Getting more sleep is always better, right? Not necessarily ... 
Repairing human tissues with ... fruits and vegetables?!? One day, it might be possible! 
3 ways to fix a marriage *before* it’s broken: 
This famous study reveals 3 key insights about what really makes us satisfied and happy.

Watch the full talk here:  
What’s the most transformative thing that you can do for your brain today? Exercise! @wasuzuki discusses why working out can change your brain for the better on TED Business. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
You may recognize some of these 32 symbols carved into the caves of Ice-Age Europe ... 
This is how your body *actually* gets rid of toxins: 
Coal is big business in India. Here's how the country could transition their growing economy away from fossil fuels: 
Have you lost someone you love? Are you supporting a friend in mourning? Here's the messy truth about grief. 

Watch Nora McInerny's full TED Talk here:  
There are 3 ways to fight a pandemic. One is widely considered the best — and it may not be the one you think: 
Stop forcing yourself to be positive. This is the power of accepting your negative emotions. 

Watch Susan David's full TED Talk here:  
To start *and keep* a good habit, embrace the power of "better than nothing." Here's what that means: 
Here's how India, Pakistan and Bangladesh were formed into the countries they are today: 
Two of the many benefits of swimming? It may help repair damage from stress and actually create new neural connections in your brain! 
“Love is more than just an emotion. It’s a capacity, a verb, an endlessly renewable resource.”

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
It doesn't seem like a lot, but keeping global temperature increase to 1.5°C is actually much better for us — and the Earth — than hitting 2°C. 
We live in an era of instant gratification. But some things — to reach their full potential — simply cannot be rushed. TED speakers explore what we can learn from ideas that take time in this episode of TED Radio Hour. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Plus, what you should do if someone around you is having a seizure: 
Geothermal energy is at least 2 times more energy efficient than fossil fuel! Here's how it works: 
A giant, lifelike puppet of a nine-year-old refugee walks from Turkey to England (literally) in this daring theatrical production. 

You have to see it to believe it: 
Do you really need 8 glasses of water a day for glowing skin and good health? The answer may surprise you. Join @DrJenGunter for a round of fact vs. fiction in this week’s episode of Body Stuff. 

Listen on @Stitcher:  
The fight against climate change needs you — yes, you — now more than ever. 

Here's what you can do (even if you're not an activist): 
"If we wait until our generation — Generation Z — is old enough to be in power, it will be far too late to address [the climate] crisis." — @Jamie_Margolin #InternationalYouthDay 
.@Malala Yousafzai shares how we all can support girls' education around the globe, reveals who her own heroes are and explains the importance of empowering young activists. 

Watch the full talk here:  #InternationalYouthDay 
Want to feel inspired? Become a TED Member to join a new global community united by a common curiosity. Exclusive events and unforgettable connections are just a click away:  
When COVID hit, American cities opened up their streets to outdoor dining, biking and pedestrians. 

But what if it was always like that? 
Which bag is best: paper, plastic, or cotton? 🤔 The answer might surprise you! 

Get help making a sustainable shopping bag decision plus dive into what really happens to the plastic you throw away on our podcast TED Climate. 

Listen on @amazonmusic:  
The Spanish Inquisition targeted anyone who wasn't Catholic — and even those who were. And it lasted for 350 years! 
"All of us need to stay connected to the conversations around climate change, even when it's hard, even when we want to run from it — especially if we feel hopeless." 
Do you have ...

— Clothes you're waiting to fit into?
— Art you just haven't hung yet?
— A stack of books you've been meaning to read?

Here's what they mean and how they're weighing you down: 
You don't have to give up meat and dairy — really! 
When you have a loved one whose beliefs make it difficult to have a relationship with them, should you cut them out — or is there another way? 

Watch Betty Hart's full talk here:  
This app allows people to report pollution violations in their area, and it's getting amazing results. Here's how it works: 
Would you swallow a pill or get an implant that could give you 24/7 updates on your health? Immuno-Engineer @MorrisBioEng presents bold new health-monitoring technology in this episode of TED Health. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
It's a mammal ... that lays eggs? And it breastfeeds ... but has no nipples? 🤯 
Tap into the power of a new perspective. Get special access to thought-provoking events, captivating conversations with people from around the world, and more! Become a TED Member today:  
Some changes to our climate are now irreversible, says the report — but there's still time to act and prevent the worst: 
Here's how the theft of artifacts has done lasting damage to the history and culture of African nations — and one way to fix it: 
Here's how climate change threatens our food supply, helps spread deadly diseases, contaminates our water — and more: 
Could these electronic pills be the future of medicine?

Watch the full, mind-blowing talk here:  
Want to learn how to come up with your most creative ideas? Top tip: Try to fail as much as you can. This and other surprising advice from Adam Grant and original thinkers in this episode of TED business. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Here's how parents and schools can help teens take positive risks — and avoid negative ones: 
Not only is this botanical Frankenstein cool to look at, but it could also lead the way to better food security: 
Here's how this simple solution — planting rooftop gardens — could help big cities counteract climate change *and* air pollution: 
"My mom was misinformed and misled by sources that convinced her that if she was a loving parent, she wouldn't vaccinate."

Watch Ethan Lindenberger's full talk here:  
The reason your cat is *so strange* is actually evolution:  #InternationalCatDay
Do you often forget people's names seconds after they've introduced themself? There is hope: 
When they arrived in the Americas in the 1500s, bananas looked nothing like they do in supermarkets today. Here's why: 
“On the one hand, we love our daughters, and on the other hand, we crush them.” 
Do you know your life's purpose? The best way to find out might be to quiz your friends!

Watch the full discussion with @SimonSinek here:  
Space witches, human computers, interplanetary wars and more — have you read this epic sci-fi series? 
What is phosphine? It just might be the key to finding alien life on other planets — maybe as close as Venus! 
"The climate crisis has already been solved. We already have all the facts and solutions. All we have to do is to wake up and change."

Watch @GretaThunberg's full TED Talk here:  
Public spaces — both online and off — are meant to foster community but often end up excluding people. What does it take to make sure public spaces actually serve the public? 

Tune in to TED Radio Hour on @spotifypodcasts:  
At least 1/3 of us will have a panic attack at some point in our lives. Here's why they happen: 
Some squid species can fly above the water for up to 50 meters! But how do they stay in the air for so long? 
This is the story of how scientists use amazing little blobs to help deliver mRNA straight to your body's cells: 
Leaders and managers: This one is especially for you. 
Bringing our authentic selves to work requires vulnerability — so how do we know how much is “too much”? @BreneBrown discusses boundaries in the workplace in this episode of Taken For Granted. 

Listen on @amazonmusic:  
Want more TED? Become a TED Member for exclusive access to unforgettable live events, a global community and more. Join today:  
"The hard choices — what we most fear doing, asking, saying — these are very often exactly what we most need to do."

Watch Tim Ferriss' full TED Talk here:  
These unique, cutting-edge buildings are also super fun! Here's how they can help us prepare for a future with climate change: 
Parents, take a deep breath. How your kids turn out isn’t fully on you. Psychologist @YukoMunakata1 breaks down the complex science of child development in this episode of TED Health. 

Listen on @Spotify:  
Best way to be a lifelong learner? Play.
 
Don’t take our word for it, 7 year-old Molly Wright has strategies to help children — and adults — thrive at any age. 

Listen to TED Talks Daily on @ApplePodcasts:  
This goes out to everyone who can't stop saying "I mean", "umm and "y'know"... 
Expand your horizons with these classic reads assigned to students around the world: 
How did the COVID-19 vaccine get made so quickly? These scientists (and married couple!) from BioNTech share the inside scoop into how their decades of work on mRNA led the way — and what it means for the future of healthcare: 
"I've always believed that having children was an extension of womanhood, not the definition."

Watch Christine Reighter's full talk here:  
Many companies are discovering a shorter workweek can boost productivity and creativity, improve recruitment and retention — and prevent burnout: 
Go beyond the talks and keep the conversation going. As a founding member, you’ll have access to exclusive events, discussions, and a vast network of TED Members from across the globe. Join today:  
When countries run out of money, why don't they just ... print some more? Well, it's complicated: 
You're not perfect ... but that's OK. 

Here's how to set new and realistic expectations — both for yourself  and others: 
“We’re often not in control of the things that happen to us … What we are in control over is the amount of time we give ourselves to make the choice to move forward.” — former Team USA gymnast and Olympic gold medalist @Jordyn_Wieber 
 
How might the countries of Earth take action and avoid climate disaster that threatens our very survival? 

Here's a peek into a potential future from best-selling sci-fi author Kim Stanley Robinson: 
This is why we often perform at our worst under pressure — even when we're at the top of our game. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Trust is difficult to build and easy to break. Harvard Business School professor Frances Frei gives a crash course on how to rebuild trust with anybody in this episode of TED Business. 

Listen on @spotifypodcasts:  
Let's just say it rhymes with "punt." 
Couples who sustain strong sexual connections over multiple decades have these 2 things in common. 

Watch sex educator @EmilyNagoski's full talk here:  
Straight women are having less satisfying sex than men. Here's why — and what can we do about it: 
Imagine you're swimming in a pool. But the pool is filled with people instead of water. That's what it's like to be a sperm: 
What else is there to say, really? 
"I never once thought of myself as a battered wife. Instead, I was a very strong woman in love with a deeply troubled man." — Leslie Morgan Steiner

Watch the rest of this powerful TED Talk about domestic violence here:  
Yes, orchids are beautiful — but they're also some of the plant kingdom's trickiest seducers: 
Art has a crucial role to play in spreading awareness and shaping the narrative around the climate crisis. 

Here's how these 8 amazing artists are using powerful visuals to create change: 
Lobsters that flirt by *shooting urine out of their face* — and more weird ways that sea creatures get it on: 
Here's how to ensure your partner continues to desire you — and remains desirable to you. 
If you think your partner will just be able to figure out your sexual needs without your telling them ... think again.

Here are more tips for having an open and honest conversation about sex with your partner:  
From our heads to our armpits to ... other places, human hair serves different purposes depending on where it is: 
 
We know climate change affects our environment and our bodies — but what about how it affects our mental health?

Watch Brit Wray's full TED Talk here:  
If you want to: 
💡Talk about big ideas
🌎Gain new perspectives 
✅Attend exclusive TED events
↪Turn towards optimism 
Become a TED Member today:  
“If I could give the sports world any advice, it would be to invest in resources for the mental health of their athletes.”- @AbbyWambach 

Hear @AbbyWambach and @GlennonDoyle on Design Matters with @DebbieMillman. Listen on @ApplePodcasts: 
You might think that it's all about looks — but how someone smells, sounds and tastes is just as important: 
It was only in 2005 that a detailed anatomical diagram of the clitoris was published! 

How much do you know about this misunderstood body part? 
"A hallmark of wisdom is knowing when to grit and when to quit."

Watch @AdamMGrant's full TED Talk here:  
Some of the most innovative solutions to our world’s problems can be found in these communities — here are 3 reasons why the rest of us need to pay attention: 
In the fight for racial justice, celebrating joy can be revolutionary. In this episode of TED Talks Daily, activist Miracle Jones breaks down how — and why — we can celebrate black joy everyday. 

Listen on @Stitcher:  
Could you improve your sex life by following the lead of ... bugs? 
"Being honest about how we feel doesn't make us weak — it makes us human." 
Have a question for WorkLife host @AdamMGrant? Here's your chance to ask! 

Adam will be hosting a conversation on mental health in the workplace on the new app @HiHo. Learn more and join in:  
The race for a vaccine has led to unprecedented medical innovation in the last year. Here’s how new technology is paving the way for a more holistic and democratized healthcare system. 

Listen to TED Health on @ApplePodcasts:  
Inspire a greater you in a better tomorrow. Become a TED Member today:  
You didn't think this was a problem, did you? 
Here's how to make sure that people feel heard in our increasingly digital — and increasingly distributed — working world: 
.@MonicaLewinsky argues the kind of public shaming she went through has become far too common — and it has major consequences: 
"Many seem to forget that existing and thriving in a world that was predicated on your destruction ... is a reason to celebrate." — community organizer Miracle Jones (@1hood) 
And why they sometimes fail: 
What if our jobs allowed sad days *in addition* to sick days? Join Adam Grant and a team of experts as they discuss de-stigmatizing mental health at work in this episode of Worklife. 

Listen on @spotifypodcasts:  
Despite near-universal disapproval, infidelity is an all-too-common behavior across the globe: 
To slow the effects of climate change, we need to disrupt these global economic systems — from agriculture to shipping to energy: 
Contrary to popular belief, good intimacy does not guarantee good sex.

Watch the full talk here:  
The gig economy is more flexible for workers and cost efficient for businesses. The only problem? We might need to revamp our entire social safety net to support a workforce of free agents. 

Listen to TED business on @Castbox_fm to hear how:  
This one brings a whole new meaning to the word “boner.” 
Former UCLA Women's Gymnastics Coach Valorie Kondos Field calls for a time-out on "win at all costs" culture. 

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
Not sure how to bridge the gap between you and someone you care about? Start with these tips: 
Effective practice is: 
1) Consistent
2) Focused
3) Aimed at fixing weaknesses 

Here's how to get better at ... getting better: 
These lethal predators equipped with serrated teeth and deadly venom ... could actually help save lives?!? 
Are humans simply becoming more athletic? Or is there another reason why runners are so much faster than they were a century ago? 

Watch David Epstein's full TED Talk here:  
Share this one with a friend who always corrects your grammar. 
Plus, how you can learn to start making better ones: 
It's easy to feel exhausted or hopeless by constant news of extreme weather events and the reality of climate change. 

Here's one way to work through those feelings: 
The first Olympics were held in 776 BC in the rural Greek town of Olympia. Here's how they became the global event we know today: 
When it comes to talking about climate change, one of the best approaches can be to speak from the heart. 
Here's how to ease into your ambitious exercise goals: 
Here's why playing with your kids is essential for their future success!

Watch 7-year-old Molly Wright's TED Talk (created in partnership with the @Minderoo Foundation) here:  
Is it possible for zoos, aquariums or wildlife management efforts to ever be ethical? Here's what humans can do to help the world's animals thrive: 
Humanity is facing a future of food shortages due to climate change. Here are 3 climate-friendly *and* climate-resistant sources of sustenance: 
When it comes to treating anxiety and depression, are we too focused on fixing just one part of the problem?

Here are 2 causes of anxiety and depression that we're not talking about enough:  
Youth activists have a lot of power — and obstacles — in the fight against climate change. 

@xiyebastida shares how the youth is shaping global climate conversations and how we can all be climate champions too. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Join a new thoughtful community. Make unforgettable connections and gain a new optimism with TED Membership:  
That old saying about elephants that remember everything ... is actually true! 
This talk is a must-watch for every parent of young children:  #TB5TED
Love to hear this! 👏 There’s never been a better time to join TED on @Clubhouse! Tune in weekly for exclusive content and shows from TED speakers:  
How do you fix broken public systems? Hear how strategist Abhishek Gopalka overhauled Rajasthan’s failing public hospitals with one simple rule.

Listen to TED Health on @spotifypodcasts:  
Here's your reminder to stand up, stretch, or even take a walk! 

Your body  — and brain — will thank you later. 
1) Show how their advice has helped you; 

2) Give them something they can use, too; 

3) Get personal, not just professional. 


This is how to talk to people you *really* don't agree with. 

Watch Dylan Marron's full TED Talk here:  
If you think the carbon pollution generated by long airplane flights is a lot, the pollution for a 10-minute frolic in zero gravity is estimated to be 50-100X more! Imagine what happens when more of these flights start taking off ... 
If countries want to create jobs, they should invest in the arts. Here's why, according to filmmaker Mehret Mandefro: 
For too long, beauty  has been defined by Eurocentric ideals. Here's how we can reclaim it for everyone: 
If you ever feel afraid to ask for help or admit you were wrong at work, you may be in a psychologically unsafe work environment. Learn what it takes to build a culture of speaking up in this episode of Worklife. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
"Grit is passion and perseverance for very long-term goals. Grit is having stamina. Grit is sticking with your future, day in, day out."

Watch Angela Lee Duckworth's full TED Talk here:  
In this study, participants took the same memory test before *and* after a nap. Half of them were played interactive sounds while they were asleep — and the results were surprising: 
To avoid irreversible climate damage, the world needs to limit global temperature rise to 1.5°C. Here's how nearly 200 countries could come together and do it: 
Do you want to become more resilient in the face of challenges? Get insights from Adam Grant’s top podcast picks on the psychology of overcoming obstacles. 

Listen on @Spotify:  
No more salary secrets. 🤐  

Here's why pay transparency benefits everyone: 
These are the long-term benefits of regular exercise for your brain. 

Watch Wendy Suzuki's full TED Talk here:  
Why does the moon appear bigger on the horizon — but smaller overhead? An answer to the question that's puzzled scientists for centuries ... 
Let's just say it rhymes with "punt". 
Here's how cities from Bogotá and Auckland to Barcelona and Taipei are making it easier for residents to get where they need to go — by foot or bike: 
Want to feel inspired? Become a TED Member to join a new global community united by a common curiosity. Exclusive events and unforgettable connections are just a click away.  
"LOL", "OMG" and emojis aren't signs that our language is in decline — instead, they're signs of a totally new language! 
In the past 50 years, the global fertility rate has been cut in half. Well, doesn't fewer people mean fewer problems? Nope — here's why the planet actually needs more children.

Watch the full talk from @WajahatAli here:  
She wasn't just the first woman software engineer at NASA — she was the first software engineer at NASA, period. 
Knowing the psychology behind phishing can help your spot a scam the next time: 
Climate change is weakening the structures — buildings, bridges and roads — that we all use, and people in every neighborhood and income group are at risk. Here's how: 

Do you believe that racism in the US will die off as older generations pass away? Unfortunately, that's a myth, says this researcher.  
Want to get better at the work you do? Find a coach.

Watch the full TED Talk from @Atul_Gawande here:  
A building must have 40 or more stories to be called a skyscraper — and here's how wood can support all that weight: 
 
Do you want to give a TED Talk? This could be your chance! Applications for the TED Idea Search: Latin America are still open to anyone living in or descended from South America, Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean. 

Deadline extended to July 26: 
Waste not: Drinking 🚽 water could be in your future — and it's not as gross as you think! 
The fact is, most police forces simply don't have the tools to respond to a mental health crisis. 
Did you know: Many fish have two different jaws? They use one to clamp down on prey — and then an entirely different set will pop out so they can start eating!  
If you’ve ever felt like an outsider — you’re not alone. Author and illustrator @jonnysun shares a blueprint for channeling feelings of emptiness into beautiful creations in this episode of Design Matters. 

Listen on @spotifypodcasts:  
How much water does your body really need to stay healthy? The answer isn't what you think: 
What inspires you? For us, it's the power of a great idea to change the world. Get unexpected perspectives, captivating events, and more when you become a TED Member:  
"If all of us took care of the Earth as a practice, as a culture, none of us would have to be full-time climate activists."

Watch @XiyeBastida's full TED Talk here:  
Remote work is our new normal and let’s be honest, it’s kinda rough. Learn from a serial remote worker how to fight ‘screenout’, keep your teams cohesive, and build resilience in this episode of Worklife. 

Listen on @spotifypodcasts:  
What would Europe have been like if  Napoleon never existed? 🤔 
Have you ever ...

— Let a colleague talk over you? 
— Watched silently as a terrible idea get green-lit? 
— Sat there as the same person just kept speaking? 

This advice is for you: 
Plus, the healthy way to handle the non-apologizers in your life: 
Should design social media to act more like thriving neighborhoods? 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Of the world's  biggest companies, only a small percentage have women CEOs. How could we increase their ranks? By taking menopause seriously. Here's why:  
Your body has a way of telling you when you’re burning out — even when you can’t tell yet. Learn the telltale signs of stress and how to overcome it. *Hint - the answer is not self-care.

Listen to TED Health on @ApplePodcasts:  
It was the first US federal law that restricted immigration based explicitly on nationality. Here's the story of how it was passed — and repealed: 
"We owe future generations a world free of sexual violence. I believe we can build that world." 

Watch Tarana Burke's full TED Talk here:  
Here's how to stop spiraling and finally get back on your feet: 
Capitalism hasn’t exactly lived up to its promises. Entrepreneur @NickHanauer shares an economic theory to imagine a new way forward — with less inequality and more reciprocity. 

Listen to TED Business on @spotifypodcasts:  
Here's how short-form videos are transforming the way we work, learn and communicate: 
Your career isn't a ladder, where the only goal is getting to the top.

Here's how to forge a new path that prioritizes your growth — and values your passions: 
If you don't sleep well on your first night in an unfamiliar place, it's probably because part of your brain is still awake! 
Join @ajjacobs and @MereMir for our first weekly show on @Clubhouse on Monday, 11am EST. Invite to app included in RSVP link:  
"A truly successful life is the one which is spent in the pursuit of becoming the best possible version of yourself when you take that last breath."

Watch the full talk here:  
What book are you loving right now? 

Let us know! ⬇️⬇️⬇️ 

US homes are responsible for producing nearly 20% of the country's energy-related greenhouse gas emissions! 😱

Here's why — and what we can do about it: 
In 150 years, Earth's temperature has warmed by nearly 1°C — and it's led to a dramatic increase in heat waves, droughts and hurricanes. Here's why: 
If you experience these 2 common memory failures, don't panic, there's nothing wrong with you! 
"I've always believed that having children was an extension of womanhood, not the definition."

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Do you want to:
Gain a new, optimistic outlook
Attend exclusive TED events
Make inspiring connections
Become a TED Member today!  
What would you be able to do with an extra weekend day? Here's a look at the global movement to shorten the workweek: 
This is how to talk to people you *really* don't agree with. 

Watch Dylan Marron's full TED Talk here:  
What does your home say about you? In this episode of TED Radio Hour, TED speakers explore the power of spaces we design for ourselves and how they affect our everyday lives. 

Listen on @Spotify:  
Migraines are much more than just a headache. Here's the difference: 
Do you ever feel guilty for having "negative" feelings? Here's how to stop beating yourself up for unwanted emotions: 
You have more control over our emotions than you think. 
This is how your body *actually* gets rid of toxins: 
Want to feel inspired? Become a TED Member to join a new global community united by a common curiosity. Sign up today:  
Here's what has to happen for pregnancy to occur after sex — and how birth control stops it: 
You procrastinate because you're lazy, right? Wrong!

In this episode of Worklife with Adam Grant, master procrastinator and author @MargaretAtwood explains why you *really* put off important tasks — and what you can do about it. 

Listen on Spotify:  
Don't know what to do or say when helping someone through a hard time? These tips can help. 

Read even more dos and don’ts from @SahajKohli here:  
This is what the future of science, art and culture could look like — on other planets! 🚀  
Feel like you can't relax sometimes? Try this simple breathing trick. (It only takes a few seconds!) 
It's not just you. Your rude coworker is actually ruining the company.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Cleanses and detoxes may do more harm for your body than good. 😬

@DrJenGunter chats with a renowned hepatologist -- a liver doctor! -- about what it *really* takes to keep your body’s natural detox system running. 

Listen to Body Stuff on @Stitcher:  
These children escaped Nazi-occupied Poland in bundles of dirty laundry, boxes on cargo trains, coffins, toolboxes, and briefcases. 

This is the story of the woman who helped them do it: 
#1. Invite people to speak up — and then listen to them. 
Here's how understanding and uplifting Indigenous cuisines could improve our diets — and our relationship with the planet: 
Could these electronic pills be the future of medicine?

Watch the full, mind-blowing talk here:  
Want to solve big problems at work? Start by admitting what you don’t know.  Here's how Danone CEO @lorna_davis10 collaborated her way through uncertainty to big bold solutions. 

Listen to TED Business on @Castbox_fm:  
Calling all global citizens 🌎 We need your help! 

We want to know about the issues and ideas that matter to you. Share your thoughts here:  
Fire ants take flight only once in their life — to have sex. The males all die, but the females walk away with a lifetime supply of sperm. 
Here's why values — not geography — will shape future world alliances: 
Did you know actor Adam Driver was once a US Marine?

Watch his full talk on bringing theater to the military:  
It’s hard being the lone voice of dissent in the room, especially when you feel you don’t have power. Luvvie Ajayi has three reasons to help you get comfortable being a troublemaker for the greater good. 

Listen on @SpotifyPodcasts:  
"I encourage you all to recognize that disability is a family you can join at any point in your life." 

— @JudithHeumann, who helped pass the Americans with Disabilities Act 
Plus, why some alcoholic beverages cause hangovers to be so. much. worse. 
Franklin D. Roosevelt’s first 100 days in office may have been the most eventful of any US president. Here's the story behind his New Deal program: 
Artist Titus Kaphar doesn't want to erase the past — only to challenge how we remember history through art. 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
Love seafood but still feel guilty about its environmental impact? 

Here's what to consider when picking your next fish dish: 
A fascinating, creepy video tour of abandoned shopping malls: 
Your online shopping habit might cost more than you think.

Want to make your closet more climate-friendly? Go here to take the @CountUsInSocial step "Wear Clothes to Last":  
Exertional heatstrokes are one of the top 3 killers of athletes and soldiers in training. Here's why they're so dangerous: 
Charcoal is used all over the world for its affordability and flavor — but when it comes to CO2 emissions and environmental destruction, it's one of the worst offenders: 
What do shorter work weeks have to do with combating climate change and gender inequality? More than you think! 
This week @TEDCountdown launched an illustrative open call with @Fine_Acts! Whether you're an illustrator, a graphic designer — or anything in between — we want your climate art! 🎨

50 works will be selected. Enter by Aug. 1:  
Want to feel inspired? Become a TED Member to join a new global community united by curiosity. Exclusive events and unforgettable connections are just a click away.  
Mamma Mia! Here's why ABBA's Björn Ulvaeus says songwriters are getting a bad deal in the streaming era — and what we can do about it: 
The universe is incredibly old, astoundingly vast and populated by trillions of planets ... so where are all the aliens? 🤔

Watch Stephen Webb's full TED Talk here:  #WorldUFODay 
Anti-drinking groups thought banning the sale of alcohol would reduce poverty and domestic violence. Instead, it just created organized crime and political corruption: 
The vast ocean seems limitless — but even the deepest sea has its limits. In this episode of TED Radio Hour we journey deep into the blue to discover how we can save our oceans to save our planet. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
“This history is not your fault, but it is absolutely your responsibility.” — @nikkilaes 
"You might know it as cyberbullying. The media calls it revenge porn. I now call it digital domestic violence." 
Researchers estimate that 16% of people have, or have had, an anxiety disorder. Here's why they happen: 
Have you ever seen an axolotl? These wacky-looking amphibians can regenerate amputated limbs, broken spines, and even their brains! Here's what makes them so unique: 
Maternal and child health is a human right. Hear how @hegde_aparna is creating scalable tech health solutions so no woman or child is ever overlooked by an overcrowded or overworked system again. 

Listen on @Spotifypodcasts:  
@alamin_yes_iam @YouTube 🥰🥰🥰
"For my introverted self, a moment that might have been mildly stressful pre-COVID initiated a full-on freak-out." 
How can we understand the world better? By taking the stories we think we know really well — and flipping them on their heads: 
#Pride month is ending — but you can (and should!) support trans people year-round! Here are 3 simple ways you can show up for them.

Go here to watch Micah Eames' full TED Talk on how to tackle tricky conversations — like coming out — at work:  
Here's what to ask, expect and look out for when seeing a new therapist — plus, how many sessions you should take to figure out if they're right for you. 
We need anxiety to stay alive. But how do we know when it crosses the line from survival instinct to serious problem? Join @DrJenGunter to learn what healthy vs. unhealthy anxiety looks like. 

Listen on @spotifypodcasts:  
Be part of an online community defined not by outrage and division, but by a desire to help build a better future. Become a TED Member today!  
Did we just ... make math up? 
Contrary to popular belief, good intimacy does not guarantee good sex.

Watch the full talk here:  
The “us vs. them” mentality is human nature — but we can fight it: 
Ocean clean-up ships and beach recycling programs won't be enough to fight plastic pollution. We have to cut off the source.

Watch the full talk here:  
Here's how India, Pakistan and Bangladesh were formed into the countries they are today: 
Turns out, robots are better at getting people to open up than humans are. Here's what they can teach us about improving our interactions with each other: 
Are you a book lover? Us too! That’s why we’re thrilled to be launching a TED Book Club on @GetFable. 

First up we’re reading Bored and Brilliant by @manoushz! 

Join the club:  
Finding the right balance between creativity and productivity is hard. But as @Lin_Manuel learned, making time to do nothing may be the secret ingredient to creative genius. 

Listen to Taken For Granted on Apple Podcasts:  
This speaker didn't believe in male privilege — until she came out as trans and started living life as a woman: 
Here's how geothermal energy could change the way we heat our homes: 
This year marks 15 years of TED Talks online! 🎉 To celebrate, we’re sharing this list of the very first 6 TED Talks we ever posted. They cover a wide range of topics — from Sir Ken Robinson on creativity to Al Gore on climate change. Check it out: 
This is what would *actually* fight wealth inequality.

Hear more about the case for basic universal income:  
Do you know which fabrics have the most environmental impact? Here are some materials to avoid next time you're shopping: 
What does it mean to be a queer creative in the world today? Four icons reflect on their artistic triumphs, brilliance and setbacks in this special Pride episode of Design Matters. 

Listen on @Stitcher:  
"We demand perfection from feminists, because we are still fighting for so much, we want so much, we need so damn much." — writer Roxane Gay (@rgay) 
Online dating has given us more freedom — but also more uncertainty and infidelity: 
Faster diagnostic tools, more tailored therapies, and more! These are the breakthroughs of the COVID era — and what they mean for your health: 
This one is particularly tricky! Let us know if you got the answer. 
This artist makes intricate, beautiful paintings with help from ... a small army of robots!

Watch Sougwen Chung's full TED Talk here:  
This brain researcher studied her own stroke ... as it happened. 😮 Here's what she discovered: 
Confetti, cherry blossoms, hot air balloons — and other things that are scientifically proven to inspire joy.

Watch Ingrid Fetell Lee's full TED Talk here:  
When the old hive dies, a queen wasp builds a brand new one — all by herself! 
Especially now, trans and non-binary people need your voice. Here are 5 things you can do: 
Want to get a better look at your health? Zoom in on your microbes: 
Our summer 2021 book list is here! Check out these fresh titles on everything from the science of sleeping together to the history of caffeine — and so much more! 
"I've found a way to love my depression. I love it because it has forced me to find and cling to joy."

Watch Andrew Solomon's full TED Talk here:  
Do you feel sad or hopeless about the current state of the climate crisis? Here's what we can do about it: 
Crying is empowering. That’s not us talking — it’s science. Join childbirth and lactation educator @KathyMendias as she talks us through crying to enhance your physical and mental wellness. 

Listen on Spotify:  
Here's how the US Civil Rights Movement paved the way for the Stonewall riots, the fight for gay marriage and more: 
Prefer to get your information by watching, not reading? These docs cover the history and impacts of climate change — and provide hope for a solution: 
• Does chocolate cause pimples?
• Can I shrink the size of my pores?
• What actually keeps skin healthy?

Here's the truth: 
Celebrate #Pride with 5 of the top TED Talks by LGBTQ+ speakers! 

For more inspiring talks on queer and trans life, identity and history, go here:  
Schuyler Bailar (@sb_pinkmantaray) was the first openly transgender athlete to compete on an NCAA Division 1 college men's team. 

This is what he's learned about finding acceptance and overcoming life's biggest obstacles: 
You’re invited! Get exclusive access to inspiring events, captivating conversations, and more when you become a TED Member. Join today—you won’t want to miss it: 
If you’re working in a creative field then you might know the struggle of explaining that your work is actually a “real job.” Illustrator @pingszoo shares how illustration became her career in this episode of Design Matters. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Spoiler alert: It's definitely more than 10%. 
Have you ever thought: "How will the universe end?" Here's why you should!

Watch @AstroKatie's full talk here:  
Sometimes showing someone compassion means calling them out on their worst behavior. Here's why: 
This unique solution is bringing life-saving information and care to pregnant women and their chlldren in India. Here's how it works: 
Do you pay attention to your attention? It may be the best way to discover your true passion. Hear how author @johngreen created a metric for his attention and the epic journey it led him on. 

Listen to Worklife on @spotifypodcasts:  
Celebrate #Pride with 5 of the top TED Talks by LGBTQ+ speakers! 

For more inspiring talks on queer and trans life, identity and history, go here: 
There are countless articles and videos online dedicated to getting the “perfect” skin. 
But perfection ≠ healthy skin. 

Join @DrJenGunter, a dermatologist and a sociologist get to the root of what’s really going on with skin care. 

Listen on @tunein:  
Waste management systems have been around since as early as 3,000 BCE! Here's how they evolved into toilets we use today: 
Not only are college athletes not receiving any share of the massive profits they generate for their schools — they're also not getting the education they were promised, either: 
Here's how you can...

— Build credibility
— Get the role you actually want
— Lead effectively

... and more: 
“The opposite of addiction is not sobriety. The opposite of addiction is connection." - @johannhari101

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Turns out, the skills you develop while playing video games can actually help you succeed IRL. Here's how: 
Did you know your spending habits are deeply tied to your emotional well-being? Here's what this accountant has learned from helping people dig into their finances: 
Looking for your next great idea? Get inspired with special access to thought-provoking events, captivating conversations with people from around the world, and more! Join now:  
Saving our planet isn't at odds with good business. Here's how we can reimagine capitalism — and save the climate. 

Watch the full talk here:  
Plus, the secret to giving feedback that actually motivates someone to improve: 
A look at the experience of living authentically as a trans person *and* as a parent: 
Let's redefine what it means to be strong as a man.

Watch @JustinBaldoni's full TED Talk here:  
Small talk doesn't have to be awkward! 
This term describes millions of people around the globe. Learn what it really means — and where it came from:  #WorldRefugeeDay
The sun shines for free — and it's not going to run out of light any time soon! So why haven't we made the switch? 
Should the descendants of enslaved people receive money from the US — and how would it even work? 

These questions and more, answered: 
In 2017, an untitled Jean-Michel Basquiat piece was auctioned off for over $110 million, making it the most expensive work by an American artist! 

Learn about the artists' story — and amazing impact: 
"Many seem to forget that existing and thriving in a world that was predicted on your destruction ... is a reason to celebrate." — Miracle Jones, organizer and advocate 
From anti-racism advocacy to sci-fi, these books by Black authors are a great addition to your reading list: 
Too many Black women have been left out of the history books. Let's fix that: 
"Be mindful and pay attention, and believe what Black trans people say about our own lives."

Watch D-L Stewart's full talk here:  
Looking to build healthier professional and personal relationships? Join relationship expert @KatieHHood for tips to help you build better, lasting connections. 

Listen to TED Business on @spotifypodcasts:  
Here's how the writing and activism of James Baldwin made major strides for the Civil Rights Movement: 
These innovations could improve healthcare, speed up communications — and even save endangered wildlife! Here's how we bring them down to Earth: 
Here's how the 50-year-old war on drugs continues to harm Black Americans: 
Your immunity isn't a muscle that you can strengthen. Here's how your body's first line of defense *actually* works: 
You’re invited! Get exclusive access to inspiring events, captivating conversations, and more when you become a TED Member. Join today—you won’t want to miss it:  
Have you heard of "greenwashing"? It's when companies make empty promises about protecting the planet. 

Here's how to spot the 3 types: 
This visionary author upended the sci-fi genre by writing diverse characters for diverse audiences: 
Gene editing technology allows us to alter our DNA but it raises some big questions. CRISPR inventor Jennifer Doudna answers them with the good, bad and mind-blowing truth about gene editing on The TED Interview. 

Listen on @spotifypodcasts:  
Here's how to ask for someone's help — and get a positive response: 
It can be tough to grieve on your own. Here are helpful tips on how to ask for help *and* find purpose after losing a loved one: 
Here's how human rights advocates are using cutting-edge tech to document the perilous journey of refugees — and hold governments accountable: 
Have you ever wondered how ER doctors stay calm in the midst of chaos? @DrDarria shares a framework to help stay zen when life starts to get “crazy busy”. 

Listen to TED Health on @applepodcasts:  
Occurring from the late 15th to the mid-19th century and spanning 3 continents, the Atlantic slave trade still affects the Black community in the United States — and Africa as a whole: 
Do immune-boosting supplements actually work? Travel down the wellness aisle with @drjengunter for the vitamin C-filled scoop and discover a better way to improve your body’s defenses! 

Listen to Body Stuff on @stitcher:  
Scientists have started to crack the electrical code of cells — and this amazing discovery could pave the way for breakthroughs like human tissue regeneration and "living" robots. 

Watch the full talk here:  
If you think you know what racism in the US looks like — and who is responsible for it — think again: 
Critical feedback can be brutal. Whether you’re on the giving or receiving end of it, here’s how to have healthier more constructive feedback conversations to set you up for success. 

Listen to Worklife with Adam Grant on Spotify:  
Don't regret staying silent — here's how to know when it's time to speak up, even when it's difficult: 
From our heads to our armpits to ... other places ... human hair serves different purposes depending on where it is: 
 
This inspiring gardener has started veggie patches all around South Central LA — in abandoned lots, traffic medians and other unlikely places.

Watch Ron Finley's full TED Talk here:  
In US civil court, people who can't afford a lawyer have no access to legal help — and they end up stuck in a confusing, expensive system. Here's one idea for helping them: 
Looking for your next great idea? Get inspired with special access to thought-provoking events, captivating conversations with people from around the world, and more! Join now: 
This hilarious talk explains how bad flags happen to good cities — and how they can be stopped: 

Watch @RomanMars' full talk here:  
Africa is so much more than the issues that affect it. Here's a vision for "unserious" art that reflects joy and fun: 
What do you do when you get distracted? Here's why it's so important to plan for it: 
Do you know what an ambivert is? Take this test to find out if you're one! 
"Art's not a luxury, it's actually sustenance. We need it." 

Watch Ethan Hawke's full talk here:  
5 x (7 -2) + (8+1) = ???

Need to brush up on your math skills first? Watch this quick video, and then come back to solve. (We'll wait.) 
In one study, false news was 70% more likely to be retweeted than the truth. 😬 
When you ask, "Where are you from?" what are you really asking? 

Watch Taiye Selasi's full TED Talk here:  
These roads could prevent thousands of tons of plastic from being buried, burned or tossed in the ocean: 
"I never had the courage to share my story, not because I thought what I am is wrong, but because of how the world treats those of us who wish to break free." — @GeenaRocero  #Pride
Plus, why your textbooks lied to you about the size of the nucleus: 
Yes, you can get rid of all that stress that's been building up inside you! Here are simple steps to take to let it go: 
Here's how this artist moved from shame to self-love — and what they say is the key to accepting yourself as you truly are: 
The most productive arguments have these 3 things in common: 
Calling all writers! Join journalist and bestselling author @susanorlean in this week’s episode of Design Matters to learn how to bring words to life on a page with wonderment and wit. 

Listen on @applepodcasts:  
This riddle is like one big game of chess ♟️ 
You're probably not as good at giving advice as you think you are ... 
The woman who started an underground hospital, the volunteers who rescue families from bombed homes and more stories of amazing everyday people in Syria: 
🥛 + 🦴 = a perfect match, right? Turns out, there's more to bone health than just dairy: 
From the food we eat to the car we drive, everything we do has an impact on nature. @TWCrowther discusses how we can work with nature to restore biodiversity and end the climate crisis. 

Listen to The TED Interview on @spotifypodcasts:  
Is it time for a new course of action? Here's how to tell.

Watch @AdamMGrant's full talk on the power of rethinking:  
Can’t get enough TED? That’s why we created TED Membership. Join today for exclusive access to thought-provoking events, captivating conversations, and more: 
Sometimes in a bid to mask toxic work cultures companies invest in lots of free perks like🍦and 💆. In this episode of Taken For Granted, Adam Grant shares how we can use emotional intelligence to end gaslighting at work. 

Listen on @applepodcasts:  
This amateur's drawings of the sun were so good that scientists used them as the baseline for recording the past 400 years of sunspot activity: 
Public transportation in Kenya is convenient and affordable — but it's incredibly unsafe. Here's how one advocate is working to protect passengers, especially women: 
"How does life change when you choose to be unapologetically yourself?"

Artist @DanielLismore lives as a walking masterpiece, inspiring others to find the confidence to be who they truly are. Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Sure, you love the Marvel version of #Loki — but do you know about the Norse god that inspired that character? Here's one story about this mythical trickster: 
@hannahrimm @caroline_catlin So moving!
@DrAnindyaKundu Of course! 😂😂😂
@ourspiritualnu It's shocking how childhood trauma impacts our health in the long run ... 
@EinsteinMyMind @hitRECordJoe Joseph Gordon-Levitt blew our minds with this one: 
@climatepledge @jrockstrom 100%. This talk makes a complex problem easy to comprehend!
@Truzen This one is for anyone who doesn't know what they want to be when they grow up (even if you're already grown up): 
@ibrahem_Khodir It's amazing how many talents and abilities introverts can bring to the table ... 
@ericksonstacyl @ShakaSenghor Super powerful: 
@koutlan Everyone needs to watch this and then go to bed: 
@bernsrose Such an interesting idea. A must-watch for artists and fans alike! 
@gmoszkow Who wouldn't give classical music another shot after watching this talk? 
@caroline_buxton Such a strange concept but so important at the same time! 
@case_studyinc Honestly required viewing: 
@Amanda_Chow And it can help reduce millions of pounds of waste! 
@gabrielladriver @DayOneDrew Leadership isn't a title — it's a way of living. 
@Atulanandss Pro tip: Forward to 8:34 to see him do his infamous lungi dance. 
@CherynPollard "Anyone who is suffering from shame and public humiliation needs to know one thing: You can survive it." — Monica Lewinsky 
@mole_jao @KidCudi "There's no difference from me and you. I just really wanted this s***. And I wanted it bad." — @KidCudi 
@miro_plt Yes! It's amazing how polyglots are able to learn so many languages. Here are their secrets: 
@EdelStraum This one is so funny, too! 
@CoxBipsmom Can 4th graders solve the world's most pressing problems? 
@usiias The most viewed TED Talk ever — from the late great Sir Ken Robinson: 
@SugunaDew Esther explains what makes people cheat — and what we get wrong about infidelity: 
@TheHeroCoolG A classic! 
@purpletonyc Yes! Such a fascinating topic: 
What do you really need for strong bones? Spoiler alert: Those ‘Got Milk?’ ads didn’t tell the whole story. 

Listen to Body Stuff with @drjengunter on @spotifypodcasts:  
What TED Talk do you think everyone should watch? 

Tell us in the replies! ⬇️
We love this review of Ethan Hawke’s 2020 TED Talk from fellow actor @RealHughJackman! 💕 

Watch the full talk on finding what you love and getting in touch with your creativity here:  
In the US alone, 1 in 3 women will have an abortion but there and in so many other countries, the topic is still taboo, politicized and polarizing. Here's how we can talk about it without judgement: 
Share this with the 📚 🤓 in your life! (PS - Each quote is downloadable as a bookmark!) 
You're swimming hundreds of feet below the ocean's surface in pitch-black waters — and everything else is trying to eat you ... 
Here are 2 things to do to deal with a stress of attending social gatherings again (and they can help you prepare for the next time, too!): 
You: Wearing your glasses
Also You: Walking around the house looking for your glasses

Don’t worry, you’re not losing your memory! Neuroscientist @LisaGenova shares how sleep impacts your memory on this episode of TED Health. 

Listen on Apple Podcasts:  
Why are squids so ... freaky?!

Watch Roger Hanlon's full TED Talk about the camouflaging abilities of cephalopods here:  #WorldOceanDay 
Are you grieving the loss of a loved one, a major life event — or even a dream? Here's how you can cope: 
Yes, it turns out sea creatures have noise complaints, too: 
This author adopted a pen name when she began writing books. Here's her touching story of why she dropped it — and embraced her roots: 
This #Pride month, let's honor the diversity of the LGBTQ+ experience all over the world: 
Someday this groundbreaking tech could replace MRIs, blood tests *and* biopsies? Here's how it works: 
If you want to.... 
🔭 Gain a new, optimistic outlook
🎟 Attend exclusive TED events
🤝 Make new inspiring connections 
🙌 Support access to big ideas
Become a TED Member today and join a global community of curious minds! Get started:  
Don't know what your purpose is? Here's an easy way to find out — and it involves asking your friends! 

Get special access to live conversations and events like this when you become a TED Member:  
Here's why the advice to bring your authentic self to work doesn’t work for all of us: 
30-minute, 60-minute and 90-minute naps all have different benefits ... and downsides: 
“Most people assume that you're biologically either a man or a woman, but it's actually a lot more complex than that.” 
Deep sleep is the most regenerative stage of your night's sleep. Here's how to get more of it.

Watch Dan Gartenberg's full TED Talk here:  
This centuries-old book is one of history's biggest mysteries. The reason why? No one can figure out what it says! 
Here are 6 steps that can make coming out as an LGBTQ+ person a little bit easier: 
This software engineer was stuck in a rut — so he built an app that randomly told him what to do, where to go and what to eat. 

Here's what he learned: 
The eruption of Mt. Vesuvius 🌋 caused immense destruction — but how exactly did it all go down? Here's the timeline of what happened: 
Is it even *possible* to eat seafood in a sustainable way? Yes!  Here's advice on how to do it: 
In the US people who are incarcerated must pay sky-high prices for phone calls to loved ones. Here's why we need to end this practice now: 
Do you want to give a TED Talk? This could be your chance! We’re launching the TED Idea Search: Latin America. Applications are open to anyone in or descended from South America, Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean. Applications close on July 16:  
Think you know what's right and wrong? Here's why it will probably be different years from now: 
Have you ever felt anxious about being the only person like you at work or in school? Here are some practical ways to help you deal with those feelings: 
Menopause is shrouded in mystery — and shame. Here's why it's time to erase the stigma: 
Here's why it's actually impossible to make a 100% accurate map of the world: 
Can’t get enough TED? That’s why we created TED Membership. Join today for exclusive access to thought-provoking events, captivating conversations, and more:  
In this final episode of @ZigZagPod, activist and master of short-term strategy, @StaceyAbrams, explains how to reach your objectives — no matter the obstacles. (Hint: It involves focusing less on *goals* and more on *systems*). 

Listen on @Spotify:  
After 50 years of little growth, new breakthroughs in science and medicine could mean the start of a whole new era of innovation! Economist @tylercowen paints a new picture of the future — and a road map to get us there. 

Listen on @applepodcasts:  
🚲🚲🚲 are for everyone! Here's a sweet story about people who take seniors out for rides in "cargo tricycles" — all around the world:  #WorldBicycleDay
"There's always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. And there are always stories that restore it. If we live out loud, we can trounce the hatred, and expand everyone's lives."

Watch @Andrew_Solomon's full TED Talk here:  #Pride 
We get it: It's hard to think about your future when it's *so* far away. Here's why you should — and how it can help you achieve your goals: 
Carnivore or vegetarian? You don't have to be one or the other! There are so many benefits to simply modifying your diet and eating *less* meat.

Want to go all in on incorporating more plants into your diet? Take this 
@CountUsInSOCIAL action today:  
Calling all photographers! @TEDCountdown is working with @ClimateVisuals to find 100 powerful photographs that will tell the story of how climate change is affecting people around the world.

Give us your best shot! 📸 Submit by June 30:  
The people who become judges receive no special training before they start laying down the law. Here's the case for sending them to judge school first: 
Having trouble setting boundaries with the people in your life? We've got you: 
Did you know massive sloths the size of elephants once roamed the Earth? Learn more about the evolution of these curious creatures: 
Most of what we know about menopause is wrong — it’s not an end , it’s a new beginning. This episode of Body Stuff with @DrJenGunter digs deep into the science, stigma and 🤯  facts about this misunderstood transition. 

Listen on @amazonmusic:  
Our minds naturally divide the world into  "me vs. not me" and “us vs. them.” Here's how we can resist that urge: 
How do you support a loved one who's struggling with their mental health? Here's a helpful guide from Brown Girl Therapy's @SahajKohli: 
This artist is reimagining public spaces for the future! Take a look at his outdoor living rooms — complete with rugs and lamps— plus a fold-up movie theater: 
Inspiring stories of resilience, love and family from people in the LGBTQ community:  #PRIDE
"Whenever people ask me why trans people are suddenly everywhere, I just want to tell them that we've been here."

Kick off #Pride by learning about the long and beautiful history of the trans community. Watch more here:  
Here's how a scientist accidentally discovered penicillin — and transformed  medicine and saved countless lives: 
If you’ve ever thought “I don’t deserve to be here” while at work — you’re not alone. Learn how to turn your imposter syndrome into a superpower in this episode of Worklife with @AdamMGrant.

Listen on Castbox:  
Don't worry — we're not asking you to give up meat and dairy altogether! 
Archaeological myths aren't just wrong; they can actually uphold other myths — like white supremacy: 
Here's the best way to start a conversation when you're worried it could end in an argument: 
If you want to.... 
🔭 Gain a new, optimistic outlook
🎟 Attend exclusive TED events
🤝 Make new inspiring connections 
🙌 Support access to big ideas
Become a TED Member today and join a global community of curious minds! Get started: 
Shockingly, more US veterans die by suicide than in combat. This Memorial Day, let's honor those we've lost — and start prioritizing military mental health before, during and after their service.

Watch Charles P. Smith's full talk here:  
"In our most painful moments, in the face of the fires of injustice, I have seen labors of love deliver us." — lawyer @valariekaur 
This speaker will change the way you think about the universe and reality. 

But he's not a philosopher or a physicist — he's a historian: 
Grammar nerds — this quick lesson is for you: 
From the N-95 mask and the USB port, from the birth-control pill to YouTube, their creations have transformed your life — and everyone else's.  #AAPIHM
Best-selling author @Elif_Safak explores the political power of storytelling and how we can embrace uncertainty in turbulent times. 

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
"Menopause deserves at least the same attention as puberty — I’d argue even more — and menopause is no more a disease than being a man is a disease." — @DrJenGunter 
"Biases are the stories we make up about people before we know who they actually are." 

Watch the full TED Talk from Vernā Myers (@VernaMyers) here:  
3 ways that our world can move from the politics of "me" towards the politics of "all of us, together": 

Are plant-based milks like oat, almond and soy *really* healthier? Find out: 
How exactly will our universe end? Here's one popular theory: 
Turns out, there's not just a glass ceiling — there's a “glass cliff” awaiting women and people of color in leadership positions ... and it's causing them to fail: 
What would happen if we just killed off all the mosquitoes? Really. 🦟💀 
What does it take to persevere and succeed in our careers and all aspects of our lives? For psychologist @angeladuckw, it’s GRIT. Learn how to foster grit to overcome any obstacle in this episode of the TED interview.

Listen on Apple Podcasts: 
These cookie portraits of rapper-actress Awkwafina, football MVP Hines Ward and other notable Asian Americans look just like them! 
Feel like you're spending too much time on social media? Before you post again, ask yourself these 3 questions, from @naomishimada:  
So weird! People are more likely to achieve their goal if they're asked to give their advice, not if they're offered it. Here's why: 
"I am tired of carrying this invisible burden of other people's fears." — @Baratunde

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
A company is not a democracy, but it doesn’t work when it’s a dictatorship. As employees embrace taking a stand on social issues, how should leaders navigate addressing their concerns? Tune in to Worklife with Adam Grant to find out. 

Listen on Spotify:  
Here's how you can identify and manage burnout in your life — whether it's personal or professional:  
This one stumped us 🤔 ... Let us know how you would solve it! 
This group teaches kids about physics, tech and math in the coolest way possible ... with dirt bikes! By popping wheelies, revving engines and fixing them, they're learning lessons and life skills: 
Are super-fast charging batteries the key to getting more people to drive electric? The short answer: It's complicated ... 
There are great tech tools available to improve farming, but many US farmers can't use them because their communities lack high-speed internet access. Here's how — and why — we need to fix that: 
How many times a day should you go 💩 to have a healthy gut? Tune in to Body Stuff with @DrJenGunter to get the scoop on the second brain of the body — the gut! 

Listen on @spotifypodcasts:  
Here's what's happening in your brain during a migraine: 
Your late nights and early mornings have way more consequences for your health and memory than you think. 

Watch Matt Walker's full TED Talk here:  
Many animals use "asymmetric sleep" to keep swimming or flying, or to watch out for predators, while part of their brain sleeps. Here's how humans use it: 
"Ultimately, you judge the character of a society, not by how they treat their rich and the powerful and the privileged, but by how they treat the poor, the condemned, the incarcerated." — @eji_org

Watch Bryan Stevenson's full TED Talk here:  
Calling all TED Fans, we have something special for you! Get access to unforgettable events with big names from the TED stage, inspiring conversations, and more when you become a TED member. Join today: 
Imagine pill-sized devices you could swallow that send electrical and chemical "bursts" to control your appetite, regulate your hormones, even stimulate happiness! 

That's exactly what this researcher is working on: 
"Instead of being blind to race, color blindness makes people blind to racism." 
"Fear is contagious. But faith is, too. Faith is an exercise of the will. It's what allows us to transform everything that we are — our weaknesses, our frailties, into strength." 
"There is a kind of luxury in the freedom to look beyond our own little lives and contemplate the end of everything." — @AstroKatie 

Watch @TEDFellow Katie Mack's full talk on what the death of the cosmos can teach about living today:  
You may think it's a "positive stereotype" — but here's how it causes real harm: 
Plus, dive into the future of medicine in a special live Q+A with 3 of our amazing TED Fellows. Become a TED Member to join the conversation: 
These are just 3(!) of the groundbreaking new talks released today featuring speakers from our @TEDFellow community who are shaping the future. You can watch them all here: 
This talk from criminal justice advocate and @TEDFellow @BiancaTylek takes an honest look at the prison telecom industry in the US and how it preys on vulnerable, incarcerated people just trying to connect with their loved ones: 
This talk from artist and @TEDFellow Matthew Mazzotta is filled with whimsical photos that ask us to reimagine the future of public spaces — and how we interact with them: 
This talk from gynecologist and @TEDFellow Aparna Hegde (@hegde_aparna) tells the story of maternal health outcomes in India and how promising new tech could help save the lives of mothers and children: 
Today we're excited to be sharing 15 brand new TED Talks from our @TEDFellow community! These never-before-seen talks cover topics from astrophysics to social justice to conservation and more! Here are a few highlights. [THREAD] 
"For many people who don't understand racism, the problem is not a lack of knowledge to talk about the pain of white supremacy and oppression; it's that they don't recognize that that pain exists at all." 
Ask yourself:

1) Is this *really* about me? 
2) If it is, could I be at fault? 
3) If I'm not, how can I speak up? 

And ... can they ever really grow their hair back? 
Is there a book that changed your life? Let us know in the replies! 
"Being fearless is a commitment. It is a decision you make every single day. It is a responsibility you take, responsibility for one another." — Sviatlana @Tsihanouskaya 
Flying for the first time in a while? Watch this.

For more information on how germs travel on airplanes, check out Raymond Wang's full talk here:  
Here's what makes this 400-year-old Japanese theater form so unique: 
If you think you know what racism in the US looks like — and who is responsible for it — think again: 
Is what you're feeling burnout — or is it something else?

These are the 3 signs you should look out for — and what to do next: 
These explorers didn't need a map! They used the sun, moon, planets, clouds and ocean currents to navigate the waters of the Pacific: 
If you can't remember things like the name of a celebrity or where you put your keys, don't panic — there's nothing wrong with you!

Get special access to join live conversations like this one when you become a TED Member:  
How much water does your body really need to stay healthy? The answer isn't what you think: 
.@Pink is a TED fan? Who knew? We'll raise a glass to that! 
Climate change is here, and it's affecting you — even if you don't know it. Here's how effective visuals are an important tool for telling this story: 
Feeling stressed after a big career transition? Fear not! In this episode of Zig Zag you’ll learn how to manage these anxious feelings and turn them into action with help from psychologist @ProfAkinola. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Been hearing a lot about cicadas lately? Here's why they're taking over the eastern United States this summer: 
The first attempt at the canal cost $287 million — and 22,000 lives. Here's how it was finally constructed: 
Need help facing your fears? Join @Luvvie for a special live conversation on getting comfortable with the uncomfortable. Become a TED Member to RSVP:  
Global hunger isn’t about scarcity. It’s about logistics: 
Congratulations to conservationist Dr. Jane Goodall (@JaneGoodallInst) on receiving the Templeton Prize!

Watch her 2020 TED Talk where she talks about becoming an activist and the global communities that are saving natural habitats: 
When it comes to making a change, no contribution is too small:  #WorldBeeDay
We all have bias — the good news is the sooner we admit it, the easier it is to fix. Changing organizational culture requires more than one-off workshops. Here’s how we can really tackle bias at work. 

Listen on @Applepodcasts:  
5 different generations are interacting in the workplace for the first time ever. Here's how we can all get along: 
When you take a deep breath, you breathe in around 25,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 (that's 25 sextillion) molecules! 

Oh, and most of it isn't oxygen ... 
When you have a loved one whose beliefs make it difficult to have a relationship with them, should you cut them out — or is there another way? 

Watch Betty Hart's full talk here:  
What do space exploration devices and live-saving medical tech have in common? First and foremost: There's no room for error: 
How much water do you actually need in a day? 

The real answer will blow your mind. 🤯 Join @DrJenGunter on the new podcast, Body Stuff, where she debunks all the lies we’ve been told — and sold — about our bodies. 

Listen on @Stitcher:  #TEDPods 
Such a great talk! Watch it here:  
Here's how to see your problems for what they really are — and work through them in a healthy way: 
"Learning how power operates is key to being effective, being taken seriously, and not being taken advantage of." 
 
The concept of the corporate ladder simply isn't working for most of us anymore. Here's a better way to approach your career — one that prioritizes growth, learning and exploring your special talents: 
Now, it’s your turn to talk! Is there a TED moment that has motivated, inspired or challenged you? Take our official survey and tell us what you think:  
If you want to.... 
🔭 Gain a new, optimistic outlook
🎟 Attend exclusive TED events
🤝 Make new inspiring connections 
🙌 Support access to big ideas
Become a TED Member and join a global community of curious minds! Donate to join:  
Share this one with the recent graduates in your life. 
Practice makes perfect — but are you practicing the *right* way? 

Watch the full talk here:  
Here's why you shouldn't feel embarrassed if you get hacked — and why you should talk about it instead: 
Here's a unique idea: Teach your kids about decision making and the political process — by having them weigh in on how your family's household is run!

Watch the full talk here:  
"Three out of four of the people who smile when you walk in, who help you comfort that crying baby, who maybe help you have the best vacation you ever had, can’t consistently put food on the table." — @AbigailDisney 
So many local businesses are struggling today — but here's an innovative idea that could help them: 
To remember and honor your loved ones who have passed, ask yourself: What brought joy to them? 
Don't be fooled! Here are 5 things to look out for the next time you see a graphic on your timeline: 
Congratulations Class of 2021! 🎓🎉

Here are some wise words from TED speakers on living a happy, successful life: 
"Today's hyper-anxious youth are not being helped by overly protective parenting." 
Should "cheugy" be in the dictionary? 🤔

These talks are all about how words come to be — and who's allowed to invent new ones: 
This bold move could have huge, unintended consequences — like transforming the Sahara into a green oasis but also causing massive drought in the Amazon! 
Here's how to break through to someone you really don't agree with. 

Watch the full talk here:  
Rhythm isn't just a part of music! It's found everywhere around us, from the ocean tides 🌊 to our own heartbeats 💓 
This is why we make bad choices — even when we know better: 
Populist leaders... 
1) Vilify political opponents
2) Disparage institutions
3) Claim to represent the will of the people 

Here's what else you should know: 
Your parents are just one of many factors that influence your personality, your relationships and your success later in life. Which means: You can't blame them for everything! 
The 3 pillars of trust are empathy, logic and authenticity. Here's what to do when one fails. 

Watch @FrancesFrei's full TED Talk here:  
Here's a simple exercise — from Dr. @judbrewer — that can help you ...
— Listen to your body and mind
— Connect with your curiosity
— Even break bad habits 

Powerful advice on nurturing your relationships, being a leader at any age, and identifying what gives you meaning: 
This is the key to the most persuasive arguments: 
Paying employees above market rate might just make you more profitable. Join @AdamMGrant as he delves into why companies paying employees more are winning in the long run. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
This principal has turned around 3 underperforming schools. Here are her strategies for great leadership — in and out of education: 
NEW! 🎧 

@DrJenGunter is here to bust the myths you’ve been told — and sold — about your body. The first episode drops on May 19, you won't want to miss it! 

Listen to the trailer and follow the show on @applepodcasts:  
Even over a video call, body language and outfit choice are still important. Here are 7 tips for a great Zoom interview: 
Racism is bad for everyone. Yes, even white people.

Watch the full talk from Heather McGhee (@hmcghee) here:  
The 3 million cooperatives around the world have over 1 billion members — and employ 280 million people. So why aren't more economies tapping into their amazing power? 
👇lexicographer (dictionary editor!)👇 
Enough about sharks and whales! This fish is the true, underrated powerhouse of the ocean: 
We're so excited too, @DrJenGunter! You can subscribe right now on @ApplePodcasts or wherever you get your podcasts:  #TEDPods 
1) Give them more control 
2) Recognize and celebrate their progress
3) Show them why their work matters — and to whom

This is why: 
This last year changed everything — including the way we work. Join @simonsinek as he shares lessons we can take into the future to help us rethink how we work and lead. 

Listen to The TED Interview on Castbox:  
This advice can't cure or treat depression — but it can help you better manage your life while living with it: 
Calling all TED Fans, we have something special for you! Get access to unforgettable events with big names from the TED stage, inspiring conversations, and more when you become a TED member. Donate to join: 
@IamDavidKessler @Cloe_Shasha Thank you for joining us!
Can some feelings of guilt actually be ... good for us? Learn more here: 
The short answer: We do! 

So, what word do you think should be added? 
Lab tests that you can do at home on your cellphone, diagnostic tools powered by AI — and other breakthroughs that could impact how you manage your health: 
Global problems like climate change and COVID-19 transcend borders. Our solutions should too. 
Don't think you need to network? Up to 80% of jobs are never posted because they’ve already been filled — by referrals or internal candidates! 
This artist makes intricate, beautiful paintings with help from ... a small army of robots!

Watch Sougwen Chung's full TED Talk here:  
How dense is a neutron star? Think all of Mount Everest condensed into the size of a sugar cube! 
You don’t have to be a woman — or even a parent. Thinking like a mother means looking at the rest of the world with love.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
No, deciding to not have kids isn't "selfish." 
So ... who's the favorite child in your family? Here's why your guess is probably wrong: 
The most productive arguments have these 3 things in common: 
"Getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs they like the taste of air."

Watch @kaysarahsera's full talk here:  
Here's how trolls spread disinformation — and how can you can protect yourself from it: 
From heavy water use and pesticide runoff to being flown thousands of miles in refrigerated cargo holds, cut flowers are anything but green: 
Here's a 4-part guide to find your purpose and what matters most in your life: 
"Don't be defined by what you didn't know or didn't do. You're deciding your life right now."

For more on making the most of your 20s (and 30s!!) join us for a special TED Member conversation with Meg Jay! Become a member to RSVP:  
The stigma around miscarriage and stillbirth forces parents to grieve and cope alone. Here are 3 steps that we can take to help end it: 
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original."

Watch the late Sir Ken Robinson's full TED Talk here:  
Wind turbines are the most efficient and inexpensive source of electricity — but could they power our whole planet one day? 
1) Listen to them
2) Learn with them
3) Help them connect to nature
4) Empower them to act 

Have you ever heard of "thriver's guilt"? Here's why it's a common experience for many of the kids of immigrants: 
Studies suggest that almost 1/3 of us will experience at least one panic attack in our lives. Here's what it feels like: 
9 talks on how you can move forward after life-changing events: 
Would you fly on a plane that was totally powered by batteries? Here's why this could be the future of eco-friendly air travel: 
"I never once thought of myself as a battered wife. Instead, I was a very strong woman in love with a deeply troubled man." — Leslie Morgan Steiner

Watch her full talk here:  
Was Napoleon Bonaparte a revolutionary leader — or a tyrant? (And was he *really* that short?) 
Looking for more good news? Visit TED’s @TheAudaciousPrj and read about programs eradicating poverty, advancing science and transforming tech to make real change. Check out their amazing achievements from this past year: 
In 2020, 570,000 women joined @GirlTrek, with 50,000 members signing up each month. They closed the year by reaching a milestone of 1 million Black women pledging to walk for their health!
Since 2017, @BailProject has helped more than 16,000 low-income people in 25 US cities by posting $42 million in bail for those who can't afford it, while also advocating to end cash bail in the US for good!
The scientists at @UWProteinDesign are currently designing a vaccine that could protect people from different COVID-19 variants *as they emerge*!  Not only could this amazing vaccine provide immunity against a variety of coronaviruses, but it could help prevent the next pandemic.
.@GiveDirectly uses AI and satellite technology to identify people living in the poorest areas of Togo and transfer cash directly to them. To date, they have distributed $400 million to over 700,000 people worldwide!
In the last year, World Central Kitchen (@WCKitchen) worked with 2,500 restaurants in 400 cities and served over 15 million (!!) restaurant meals to people in need with their Restaurants for the People program
Drained by all the bad news out there? Us too! Here is some very good news from TED’s @TheAudaciousPrj to help brighten your day about the *positive* things happening in the world right now. [THREAD]
Being “the funny one” at work has its upside and drawbacks. Join comedian @daxshepard on this week’s episode of Worklife as he delves into the politics of humor at work, what he’s learned about masculinity and much more. 

Listen on TuneIn:  
Turns out, when your mouth burns after you eat spicy foods ... it's because your brain thinks it's actually burning! 🧠🔥 
Feel like you can't relax sometimes? Try this simple breathing trick. (It only takes a few seconds!) 
Here's why fewer people are choosing to be parents — even though they do want kids: 
These are the most beautiful notes we've ever seen! 

Follow along with Susan Cain's talk on the unique talents and abilities of introverts here:  
If you want to.... 
🔭 Gain a new, optimistic outlook
🎟 Attend exclusive TED events
🤝 Make new inspiring connections 
🙌 Support access to big ideas
Become a TED Member and join a global community of curious minds! Join today: 
Creativity is a muscle; the more you use it the more you have it. Ethan Hawke’s career from actor to author is a testament to creating outside the box. Hear how to harness your creativity in this episode of Design Matters. 

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Faraway galaxies are all moving away from Earth — and the farther away they are, the faster they recede. Here's what may be happening: 
Before Adam Driver became Kylo Ren in Star Wars, he was a United States Marine. 

Watch Adam's full TED Talk about bringing theater to the military:  #MayThe4th 
We can’t fight climate change without fighting for greater gender equality. Here's why: 
3/ Far Flung with @kidethnic is also nominated for best podcast ad! You can vote for it here: 
2/ WorkLife with @AdamMGrant is nominated for Best Business podcast! If you love this show as much as we do, let us know with a vote: 
1/ Calling our #TEDPods fans! Two of our TED Audio Collective Podcasts have been nominated for @TheWebbyAwards, and now we need your votes!  🎉🥳 Voting is open until this Thursday, May 6!
Nowadays, being alone is either unavoidable — or impossible. Here's why you should still carve out time for quiet reflection: 
Let's just say it rhymes with "punt." 
"The only guarantee about grief is that however you feel right now, you will not always feel this way." — @noraborealis 
From TV reboots to fashion trends, it's clear that we love nostalgia ... but is it good for us? 
Here are some dos and don'ts to help you talk to friends who are struggling.

Watch Bill Bernat's full TED Talk here:  
"Speak up if you're struggling. Being honest about how we feel does not make us weak; it makes us human."   #MentalHealthAwarenessMonth
And it's not necessarily because we run out of energy ... 
Want to know how sign language works? Think about it like music, says Deaf artist Christine Sun Kim.

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
Here's why dairy milk has such a high environmental impact — and what you should know about the different plant-based alternatives: 
Your emotions are not uncontrollable reactions that are hard-wired into your brain. Here's what they really are — and how you can better manage them: 
Just gonna take a quick nap. 

*Wakes up 5 hours later*

These are the actions that the US must take to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 — and avoid catastrophic damage to the Earth and to our lives: 
You know "reduce, reuse and recycle." But we also need 3 new R's:

1) Refuse
2) Rethink
3) Redesign 

Watch the full talk here:  
Trees are connected by a vast network of roots and fungi. Here's how they use it to share nutrients — and even information:  #ArborDay
Tap into the power of a new perspective. Get special access to thought-provoking events, captivating conversations with people from around the world, and more! Join now: 
This species of wasp has a sting that can paralyze *and* impregnate a tarantula! And after the baby wasp is born inside the tarantula's body ... it eats the tarantula alive! 🤢 
Here's how to know when it's time to double down on your goals — or when it's time for you to rethink them: 
Businesses need to start prioritizing employee mental, physical and emotional health — for their own good. Here's how: 
Figuring out who you are is one of the hardest and most important jobs of your life. Join best-selling author @GlennonDoyle to learn how to be your most authentic self in your personal and work life everyday. 

Listen on @Spotify  
Here's how to stop clinging to youth and start redefining what aging well means to you: 
Cities don't need to choose between improving quality of life for their residents *and* reducing carbon pollution. With these solutions, they can do both: 
Want to help a struggling friend, family member or colleague — but don't know what to say? Try this: 
For the first time in human history, vaccines have been created at a pace and scale the world has never seen. Here’s a glimpse into how one company did it — and how the vaccine race could change the pace of medical progress. 

Listen on Stitcher  
A brief, action-packed history of the English language: 
Are we neglecting the unique talents of introverts? 

Watch Susan Cain's classic TED Talk here:  
Scientists have started to crack the electrical code of cells — and this amazing discovery could pave the way for breakthroughs like human tissue regeneration and "living" robots. 

Watch the full talk here:  
Here's what the ancestral stories of Indigenous people can teach us all about balance — with the Earth and each other: 
Here's how acid rain forms — and how scientists were able to neutralize this major threat: 
Turns out, the key to unlocking the "runner’s high" is actually not in the physical action of running. Here's how you can achieve it: 
Plus, 4 ways to cope with less physical touch in your life: 
Here's what one artist learned when the pandemic forced him to slow down and take stock of his life and career: 
"These are the sorts of messages I've been inundated with my entire life: Always keep your hands where they can see them, don't move too quickly, take off your hood when the sun goes down."

Watch @ClintSmithIII's talk on raising a Black son in America:  
"There are a number of former officials, as well as experts, who worry that right now we're in greater danger than we were in various points in the Cold War." 
❤️  Our hearts on the left
➡️  Our livers on the right
🧠  And the sides of our brain function differently

Here's why: 
Early in his career, this film producer created an anonymous email chain for screenplays called "The Black List." You'll be surprised how many Oscar winners were discovered on it: 
Here's how movies like The Wizard of Oz, The Incredibles, Moonlight and more use color to deepen a narrative: 
Best-selling author @Elif_Safak explores the political power of storytelling, and how we can embrace uncertainty in turbulent times. 

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
Leading with love — for ourselves, for others and even for our enemies — is a powerful tool in our fight for a more just and less divided world: 
A look at the immense joy of going to a place where people greet you like you're a beloved friend, from @jonnysun: 
Where do coral reefs come from? Here's a peek into how baby coral are born. 🥺

Watch the full talk here:  
Hormones can help your "fight or flight" in response to stress. But what happens to your skin when you do neither? 
"People asked, 'How could you not know? What kind of a mother were you?' I still ask myself those same questions." 
Could artificial intelligence help us find solutions to some of the world's most pressing problems like climate change and global disease? Here's why this entrepreneur says yes: 
How can 😴  help relationships? Because when you're well-rested, you can...

— Communicate effectively
— Maintain a good mood 
— Make sound decisions
— Solve problems 

...and more: 
"We read to get lost, to forget the hard times we're living in, and we read to remember those who came before us, who lived through something harder." — @JackieWoodson

Watch her full talk here:   #WorldBookDay 
Shakespeare's plays are packed with some serious burns... 
Could this be the most promising new fuel in the fight against climate change? Here's what you need to know: 
Get on the list! Become a TED Member for access to exclusive events, global conversations, and more. Join now:  
Rita Wilson shares how she found her passion for music — and her advice for discovering what you want: 
Don't talk about global warming; talk about hurricanes instead! 

Try this and other tips from the talk to help anyone and everyone truly understand the climate crisis — and what's at stake: 
Feeling stuck or in need of a big change? Make big life choices fun with unusual advice from a creativity expert on how to figure out your next move — *hint* you can’t be afraid to get a little weird. 

Listen to ZigZag on @SpotifyPodcasts:  @zigzagpod 
Here's how life began on our planet — which was originally covered in volcanos and encased in a deadly atmosphere: 
So excited, @manoushz (and @elisewho too)! Looking forward to this chat at 1PM ET on LinkedIn. Here's where you can watch:  #TEDPods 
Want to hear more from @TEDChris? Check out the newest season of the TED Interview on @ApplePodcasts. Listen now:  #TEDPods
Struggle to speak well in public — or at all? TED Interview host @TEDchris recently joined @slatepodcasts "How To!" pod (hosted by TED Speaker @DavidEpstein!) to discuss what makes a great TED Talk and how you can become a great speaker on (and off) stage: 
We don't mean to scare you but ... here's what life could look like if climate change continues unchecked: 
"I invite each of you to ask yourself: What is the future you want? And what are you doing to make that future a reality?" — climate leader Christiana Figueres 

Watch @CFigueres's full talk here:  #EarthDay 
If you experience these 2 common memory failures, don't panic — there's nothing wrong with you! 
"Art's not a luxury, it's actually sustenance. We need it." 

Watch Ethan Hawke's full talk here:  
The world's longest current is called the Global Conveyor Belt (really) and it snakes across the entire globe. 
"We will have to take it one step at a time: Help the weak, persuade those in doubt, imagine new solutions and commit to carry them out." — @Pontifex 
An inside look at the groundbreaking partnerships that made development and distribution of the COVID-19 vaccines possible: 
👏👏👏

TED Membership's official launch brought together some brilliant, beloved speakers today. Don't miss another awesome event like this! Become a member now:  
What does it take to build an anti-racist workplace? Join bias experts as they dive into the science behind allyship and opportunity at work and share what it really takes to upend biased structures and cultures. 

Listen to WorkLife on @amazonmusic:  
In some places, growing a single ounce of cannabis indoors can release 324 pounds of CO2 — the same emissions produced by driving a car for 5 1/2 hours! 
Here's what happens in your body when you smoke weed: 
Microbes help keep our planet in balance — and here's how we could use them to fight climate change and global hunger: 
Before you share a post, video or tweet — stop and think! 
When you ask, "Where are you from?" what are you really asking? 

Watch Taiye Selasi's full TED Talk here:  
Here's how scientists are using machine learning to analyze whale communication — and figuring how we could speak directly to them someday:  (via @TheAudaciousPrj)
"Stories are the way we make sense of our lives. But what happens when the stories we tell are misleading or incomplete or just wrong?" — @LoriGottlieb1

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
#DYK: This Nobel Prize winning poet rescued 2,000 refugees, spent 3 years in political exile — and even ran for president of Chile? 
Want to improve at your passion or be a better problem-solver? Embrace awkwardness, disruptions ... and stupid ideas: 
Getting more sleep is always better, right? Not necessarily ... 
"I distanced myself as much as possible from the Asian stereotype by degrading my race and pretending I hated math. And the worst part was — it worked."

Watch the full talk from Canwen Xu (@canwenxu) here:  
You would be surprised

by what one haiku a day 

could bring to your life. 
 #HaikuPoetryDay
Try watching this talk — and doing nothing else. (Gasp!) 
Has your job search hit a dead end? Is your industry in trouble or transition? Here's how you can take control of your career: 
Try not to yawn while watching this ... 
When it comes to workplace inequality, earnest discussions and one-off trainings simply aren’t enough. Here’s what actually needs to change: 
"When the worst happens, we have a choice. We don't have to stay deep in the dark bitterness of loss and let that be the only thing that we see or feel."

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
NEW POD ALERT! The new season of The TED Interview is out today. Listen for ideas and solutions that will give you hope for the future, and maybe even make you an optimist. Find it on Apple Podcasts:  
@SahajKohli Thank you so much for joining us, @SahajKohli!
Do you have a family member or friend who you seriously disagree with — but still love deeply?

Here's why it's better to keep them in your life: 
After reading this, you wouldn't hurt a fly🪰 
Have you ever taken the "road less traveled" in your life? 

Check out this beautiful animation of the classic Robert Frost poem here: 
We won't be able to fix humanity's biggest problems — like the climate crisis — until we change how new solutions get funded. Here's how that could work: 
Astronaut Megan McArthur (@Astro_Megan) is scheduled to launch into space as part of the SpaceX Crew-2 mission next week!  

Here's what she says it's like to train for space flight: 
This is for anyone who waits until the last minute to get things done. (You know who you are.)

Watch Tim Urban's full TED Talk here:  
TODAY! Join us for special access to members-only conversation with leadership expert and author @simonsinek. Live at 1pm ET on Linkedin:  
— Physical 
— Digital
— Mental
— Emotional
— Spiritual

But all of these types of clutter basically have a single cause: 
Businesses are underestimating African consumers — and they're missing out: 
What do bats, submarines and doctors have in common? They all use sound to see things in the dark! 
Calling all TED fans! Get access to a special members-only conversation with leadership expert @SimonSinek. He’s sitting down with @TEDChris to discuss finding balance and building a brighter future after COVID-19. Join us live on LinkedIn tomorrow:  
These bird's-eye view images are both incredible — and incredibly unsettling: 
Whether we’re at home or work, conflict is inevitable, but it’s never unsolvable. Hear how to manage conflict — and come away stronger — in this week’s episode of Worklife with @AdamMGrant. Listen on @ApplePodcasts  
Which of these types of rest are you getting — and which ones aren't you getting?

Here's more about each type and what to do to fill up your tank:  
Are you an introvert or an extrovert? Here are some intriguing differences between the two: 
"The stories of police brutality and killings of unarmed Blacks is not a story about Black people; it's a story about all of us and the stubborn durability of American racism." — political scientist @meganfrancis 

Watch her full talk here:  
An astonishing 90% of the world's languages are not recognized by our technology like speech recognition and translation — and it's creating a huge digital divide. Here's how we fix it: 
"I truly feel that if all of us took care of the Earth as a practice, as a culture, none of us would have to be full-time climate activists."

Watch @XiyeBastida's full TED Talk here:  
Just surviving and not really thriving? Here are 4 effective ways to fend off WFH burnout: 
Is your chore list haunting you? Here's how to power through it — and have a little fun while you're at it! 
Do you see the big picture, or are you better at zooming in on the small details? Here's how to get better at *both*: 
The answer also explains why we're *so bad* at multi-tasking: 
"Fear is contagious. But faith is, too. Faith is an exercise of the will. It's what allows us to transform everything that we are — our weaknesses, our frailties, into strength." 
Think twice about those “free” online returns. 

Watch Aparna Mehta's full TED Talk here:  
Is it possible for your pet get depressed like humans do? 
This is what actually motivates you to live a healthier life: 
A trove of dinosaur bones was found in an incredibly unlikely place ... behind a hardware store in New Jersey!

Here's the inspiring story of how the residents of one community mobilized to save it: 
The creepiest professions? Survey says,
🤡  clown
🦌 taxidermist
🍆  sex-shop owner
⚰️  funeral director. 

The least creepy?
🌦 meteorologist 
Here's why we are *so bad* at accurately evaluating ourselves: 
Here's how our 3D world is stretched and squished to fit on a 2D surface: 
Saving the planet doesn't have to break the bank — for businesses or consumers: 
Expand your thought bubble! 🧠
Get special access to thought-provoking events, captivating conversations, and more by becoming a TED Member. Donate to join: 
Great advice on paying attention to your emotions, stopping yourself from spiraling, taming guilt — and more: 
Watch Joseph Gordon-Levitt's full TED Talk on how our obsession with likes and followers is ruining our creativity: 
paying attention &gt; getting attention 
Imagine a store where everything from school tuition to cooking fuel is available for purchase ... in exchange for plastic waste.

Watch the full talk here:  
Has a year of the pandemic left you feeling stressed, exhausted and uncertain? (Us too.) Here's what you can do to get grounded and move forward: 
How can the same procedure cost $200 at one hospital and $2000 at a hospital just a few miles away? 

This journalist built a platform to show what US health care truly costs. Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Do you know pirate code? 🏴‍☠️ You'll have to figure it out to divvy up this booty: 
This gynecologist is on a mission to make menstruation as taboo as nosebleeds: 
Here's why having a hopeful vision for a sustainable future isn't naïve — it's necessary: 
To make US politics work for *everyone* these are the 2 things that need to change: 
Did last year make you feel like your career plans went off track? That doesn’t have to be a bad thing. Hear how to overcome uncertainty and rethink your career in this episode of WorkLife with @AdamMGrant. Listen on @Stitcher:  
Here's how US political parties redraw and divvy up districts to give themselves the advantage in elections: 
"With every additional word you write beyond your first 40, you directly reduce the chances of getting an answer." 
Getting enough sleep doesn't mean you're getting enough rest! Here's what will actually make you feel restored: 
College athletes aren't seeing any of the massive profits they make for their schools — and they're not getting the education they were promised, either: 
We need a democracy reboot, where more everyday citizens — and less representatives — are making important decisions. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Getting people to care about climate change means appealing to *their* interests, values and concerns — not yours: 
Turns out making bad decisions is especially easy if you’re afraid of failure. Rethinking can help us make better choices and learn from past mistakes. Listen to WorkLife with @AdamMGrant on @spotifypodcasts to learn how:  
A spiritual pilgrimage to meet witches in New York, a shaman in Peru, an infamous "healer" in Brazil and more ... 
As the saying goes, you can't un-boil an egg ... But, actually, you can: 
50 artists from 20 countries around the world were asked to answer this simple question. Be inspired by their colorful responses: 
Looking inward can help you train your mind for happiness. 

Watch Matthieu Ricard's full TED Talk here:  
The devil has had many names, forms — and even personalities — in the history of art and literature: 
"Climate change is all-encompassing, and so are the ways it messes with our minds."

Watch the full talk here:  
Do you know which fabrics have the most environmental impact? Here are 2 materials to avoid when you shop for clothes — and other helpful advice: 
Happiness doesn't depend on your location, your salary or your age. Here's what really matters: 
We all know the best jobs are the ones that don’t feel like work, but how do we even find them? In this episode of the #TEDPod ZigZag, host @manoushz and others can help you locate that sweet spot between your values and your ambitions. 
Meetings can be the most frustrating part of people's workdays  — but what if they didn't have to be? Here are tips from a meetings expert about how you can keep them helpful, focused and engaging. 
TODAY at 3pm EDT on @joinclubhouse! 👋

@daxshepard and @AdamMGrant  join @katcoleatl for a special live episode of the #TEDPod WorkLife. 

Tune in here:  
Be part of an online community defined not by outrage and division, but by a desire to help build a better future. Become a TED Member:  
"I wouldn't trade my autism and my imagination for the world."  #WorldAutismDay
Almost all antidepressants act on the chemical serotonin — but that doesn’t mean serotonin deficiency is the cause of depression. Here's why: 
Your perception is flawed. Take it from the greatest pickpocket in the world: 
What questions do you have for @daxshepard and @AdamMGrant? 

Reply to this thread and your question could be answered tomorrow in a very special Clubhouse conversation!  
We admit, this one stumped us ... how did you do? 
Believe it or not, this word wasn't always offensive — so how did it become that way? 
This 26-year-old activist helped pass 11 laws in the US. Here's her advice to those who want to make change: 
Even after you're uncomfortable, your bladder can go on stretching — but only to a point 😳 
Love to hear it! Here are 10 short talks that are perfect for your morning caffeine break  
Here's why language will always evolve to be more inclusive — from "thou" to "they/them": 
"Whenever people ask me why trans people are suddenly everywhere, I just want to tell them that we've been here."

On #TransDayOfVisibility, learn about the long and beautiful history of the transgender community. Watch the full TED Talk here:  
What do these discoveries mean for the future of medicine — or even life itself? Join us on April 7 for a special members-only conversation between Michael Levin and @TEDchris. Join TED to RSVP: 
This biologist has cracked the electrical code of cells.

Here's how this discovery opens the door to "living robots," human tissue regeneration, and other biological breakthroughs: 
Want to hear more from @GeenaRocero? Today at 2pm ET she will be live on the TED Instagram channel with filmmaker @IsabelVSandoval to discuss #TransDayOfVisibility and how trans people can take control of their narratives:  
Want to be a better ally for trans and non-binary people? Here are 5 things to consider: 
Inside one organization's mission to help 2.5 million farming families by 2026, create more sustainable food systems — and plant 1 billion trees! (@TheAudaciousPrj) 
"Be mindful and pay attention, and believe what Black trans people say about our own lives."

Watch D-L Stewart's full talk here:  
Have you ever rationalized staying in a job too long or ignored red flags in a relationship? Making bad decisions is universal, but learning to rethink can help us make better choices. Listen to WorkLife with @AdamMGrant on @spotifypodcasts to learn how:  
What if African farmers could end global extreme poverty in our lifetime? @OneAcreFund serves small shareholder farmers by equipping them with tools and techniques to increase their net profits by 40% annually. Learn more:  (via @TheAudaciousPrj) 
Not all headaches are created equal. This is the difference between a head-pounding hangover and the more mysterious migraine: 
You may think it's a "positive stereotype" — but it actually causes real harm. Here's how: 
"I am tired of carrying this invisible burden of other people's fears." 

Watch @Baratunde Thurston's full TED Talk here:  
Ready to match wits with a child from the 1800s? Take this quiz: 
The best jobs are the ones that don’t feel like work but how do we get there? In this season of @zigzagpod, join @manoushz and career experts to help you find the sweet spot between your personal values and career ambitions. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Stop. Blindly. Accepting. Meeting. Invitations. (You'll thank us later.) 
Never underestimate the power of fangirls.

Watch Yve Blake's full TED Talk here:  
Black women in the US are 4 times more likely to die during childbirth. Here's how we can change that: 
Here's how we can all show kindness to those who need it most, from Holocaust survivor Werner Reich. 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
A whopping 92% of American adults have had cavities. Here's how you can avoid these pesky dental ditches: 
It's ok to not be productive. Here's your permission to allow yourself to just survive: 
Is there really enough opportunity for *everyone* to dream big? 
Before you give your child their first phone, read this: 
When you see a friend, family member or colleague struggling, you may want to swoop in and solve the problem. Here's what you should do instead.

Check out more tips on empathy here:  
When she was adopted as a child from South Korea, Sara Jones had a large, mysterious tattoo on her forearm. This is the amazing story of how it lead her to her birth family: 
"I used to think that I didn't belong in this universe because of contradictions. Contradictions are now the reason I know I belong firmly in this universe." 
Even if you don't think you're a "tactile" person, you're probably missing physical touch more than you know: 
This riddle may or may not resemble a certain Japanese video game ... 
We are here because of our global community of lifelong learners. That's why we've built a new way to connect with the community that keeps us going. Join TED today:  
Here's how you can embrace the word "no"  — and sometimes even turn it into a "yes":  
#DYK: The term "Big Bang" was initially just a joke! But as evidence piled up, the name sorta just ... stuck: 
How can we reduce the price of sustainability and decarbonize our economies? @BillGates identifies the investments and innovations we'll need: 
Emissions dipped during the pandemic, but was it enough to make a meaningful impact on global temperature rise? Here’s what scientists found: 
Want to get better at the work you do? Find a coach.

Watch Atul Gawande's full TED Talk here:  
"Women, I encourage you to acknowledge your fury ... Your fury is not something to be afraid of. It holds lifetimes of wisdom." 

Watch @TraceeEllisRoss's full talk here:  
Here's what this photographer learned about life while documenting death: 
Here's how accurately identifying employees strengths is key to giving good feedback — and creating work they'll excel at: 
TODAY! 

Are you thinking of changing careers or doing something you’ve never done before? 

Join us at 1PM ET for a special Linkedin Live conversation about stepping into the unknown with @elisewho and @debbiemillman. Watch live here:  

#TEDPods 
The best fuel source is both affordable for everyone — and sustainable for the planet. Any guesses on what it is? 
These teen activists wrote a textbook to help people better understand — and talk about — racism: 
Her exciting innovations combine biology, technology and design — and they can help us create a more sustainable future: 
If you want to.... 

🔭 Get a different perspective 
🌱 Learn something new 
🎟 Attend exclusive TED events
🤝 Make new inspiring connections 

We invite you to join our new global community of lifelong learners! Get started here: 
Our burial practices need an eco-friendly update. Here's a weird, effective solution — and it's made out of mushrooms!

Watch Jae Rhim Lee's full TED Talk here:  
Here's why sweet stuff always leaves you craving more: 
This baker was frustrated at the lack of Asian and Pacific Islander Americans in the media. So she figured out an amazing way to tell their stories: 
Debating a new career? 
Starting a marriage? 
Ending a marriage?
 
Here's how a simple shift in thinking can make hard choices easier: 
College athletes aren't paid any of the massive profits that they help generate for their schools — and they're not getting the education they were promised, either: 
@laurenthehough Hi Lauren — So sorry this happened. This thumbnail photo has been changed. You may need to clear your cache to see the change reflected.
Yes, this writer drank a glass of recycled 🚽  water — and then she poured herself a second one.  #WorldWaterDay
Why are young people crucial to acting against climate change? 

Because they will be here to see whether we succeed — or fail — at avoiding a climate disaster. Watch our full conversation with @BillGates for @TEDCountdown here:  
"[Racism is] making our economy worse, and not just in ways that disadvantage people of color ... Racism is bad for white people, too." — Heather McGhee (@hmcghee) 
"Sometimes, the poem is so bright, your silly language will not stick to it. Sometimes, the poem is so true, nobody will believe you." — 
@kaysarahsera

Watch Sarah Kay's full talk here:  #WorldPoetryDay 
We bet you're scratching your head right now just *thinking* about it. 
It's not only about Einstein and Hawking! Don't forget these women who made serious strides in physics: 
"Books have given me a magic portal to connect with people of the past and the present. I know I shall never feel lonely or powerless again."

Watch Lisa Bu's full TED Talk here:  
This guy spent months asking for absurd things — like "burger refills" — even when he knew the answer would be no. 

Here's what it taught him about the power of rejection: 
This computer is the great-great-grandmother of everything on our phones and in our laptops — and it was programmed by 6 young women: 
This pandemic has disproportionately hurt people of color in the US — here's why health is so profoundly affected by race: 
And will cracking them *really* give you arthritis? 
For over 80 years, this famous study has tracked the lives of 724 men. These were the strongest predictors they found for a happy and healthy life. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  #InternationalDayOfHappiness 
Your senses help you understand the world but they can only take you so far. In this episode of the TED Radio Hour, we explore the tools that can heighten our senses and show us a new world. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
This artist transformed an abandoned house into a giant chalkboard asking, "Before I die, I want to ..." 

Watch to see the moving, surprising, and hilarious answers: 
“Motherhood isn’t a favor, and it’s not a luxury; it’s a job,” says @GirlsWhoCode founder @reshmasaujani. 

Tune in for a special conversation on why moms deserve more at this upcoming TED Member event on March 23. Join now, you won't want to miss this:  
This designer was thinking about the importance of airflow in buildings long before the COVID-19 pandemic. Here's how he says we can design buildings that make us healthier:  #TEDPods
This gardener plants vegetable patches in South Central LA — in abandoned lots, traffic medians, and other unlikely places.

Watch Ron Finley's full TED Talk here:  
From climate change to physics and all the way to outer space! Get to know the amazing accomplishments of these 8 scientists:  #WomensHistoryMonth
Some squid species can fly (!!!) above the water for up to 50 meters! Here's how they stay in the air for so long: 
Calling all TED Fans! Whether you’ve only ever watched one TED Talk or given one yourself, you're an important part of our community. Discover a new way to engage with TED: 
"We must look deeply into the culture of whiteness. That is a river that drowns out all of our identities and drowns us in false uniformity to protect the status quo." — scholar and educator Ruby Sales 
The future of higher education could be powered by virtual reality — and YouTube. Here's why: 
Here's how to ...

— Stop spiraling
— Set boundaries (for yourself and others)
— Conquer the stuff that's stressing you out: 
Wind, solar, coal, and nuclear energy all take up very different amounts of space. Here's why that matters: 
During a trip to Africa, nature photographer George Steinmetz began taking photos from from a motorized paraglider — or as he calls it, "a flying lawn chair." 

See more of his stunning photography here:  
"We owe future generations a world free of sexual violence. I believe we can build that world." 

Watch @TaranaBurke's full TED Talk here:  
Want to support the people hurt by racism and prejudice? Here are 8 actions you can take right now: 
Here are invaluable tools and techniques that can help you talk through seemingly unbridgeable divides: 
It's up to all of us to stand up against hate. 

In a TED Talk, Dalia Mogahed shares her experience as a Muslim woman after 9/11, inviting us all to be courageous and call out bigotry whenever we see it. Watch it here:  
This computer is the great-great-grandmother of everything on our phones and in our laptops — and it was programmed by 6 young women: 
Here's how this unique group of geometric rock columns on the coast of Northern Ireland formed — and the myth it inspired: 
Empathy isn't a trait that you have or you don't — it's a must-have skill that can be developed. Here's how: 
Where does creativity come from — and how can we get in touch with it? Best-selling author Elizabeth Gilbert has a theory ...

Watch @GilbertLiz's full talk here:  
Cruelty-free insulin, sugar-cane face cream, airplanes made from spider silk, and other unique and sustainable innovations of the future: 
Not sure which news sources to trust? Here's how you can get to the truth: 
How can business leaders encourage innovation, increase employee engagement and build better communities? 

Watch the full talk from Hamdi Ulukaya:  
Here's how mental health responders in the US are working with the police to help de-escalate situations: 
Life isn't as simple as multiple choice. Here's how you can teach your kids to tackle problems that might not have right answers. 
We must prioritize mental health in schools. Here's one way to start: 
Every year when countries that observe #DaylightSavings time lose 1 hour of sleep, heart attacks have been shown to go up by 24% the following day.

Watch @MattWalker's full TED Talk here — and try to get to bed early tonight, OK? 
"Have you ever ended a text with a period as a sign of aggression?" (Be honest!)

If this talk made you smile, check out a few more of our funniest TED Talks here:  
Congrats to

@JohnLegend
@JacobCollier
@RufusWainwright
@EmilyKingMusic
@SierraHull
@DBtodomundo
@BlitzAmbassador
@FreestyleLove
@SomiMusic

on your #Grammy nominations! Watch all of their amazing TED performances here: 
"While we are determined by history, we need not be trapped by history, and we need not be the victims of history." 
Happy #PiDay! How many digits do you have memorized? 3.1415 ...? 
3 ways to fix a marriage *before* it’s broken: 
Did you know some species of 🐝  can literally age backwards? Check out more fascinating facts about bees here: 
Yes, there's an actual number. 
"When we are afraid of having too much hope, we’re actually afraid of being disappointed." — @Luvvie Ajayi Jones 
Here's how family, colleagues and even strangers rewire your brain, bit by bit, every day: 
This. 👇👇👇 For more great advice on creativity, watch Hawke's full talk here:  
Here's how film producer @FranklinLeonard changed the way that Hollywood works— and he has lessons to help you bring change to your job and community:  #TEDPods
Rachel Carson is seen as a hero today, but when she first published her research, this mild-mannered scientist was condemned by corporations and even the US government. 
10 years ago, the Tōhoku tsunami triggered a meltdown at the Fukushima nuclear power plant. But when all the humans evacuated the area, something amazing happened to the wildlife there: 
Sitting for long periods of time has been linked to heart disease and certain types of cancer. Do you know how many hours a day you sit? 
"Bravery is learned, and like anything learned, it just needs to be practiced."

Watch Caroline Paul's full TED Talk here:  
Let's be honest: Many of our pre-pandemic practices simply weren't working. So instead of aiming to go "back to normal," let's do better instead: 
A year and a half after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, this artist went to document the physical and emotional damage. See his beautiful yet haunting images: 
“I was Patient Zero of losing a personal reputation on a global scale almost instantaneously.” — @MonicaLewinsky 
TED wouldn’t be here without the support of our incredible community of big thinkers. That’s why we’ve created a new way to connect with you and share more of the ideas you love from TED. Get started: 
The word "mindfulness" gets thrown around a lot. Here's what it really means — and how it can help you stress less. 

Watch the full talk here:  
This new approach to tech has resulted in major breakthroughs in space travel, quantum computing, synthetic biology and more. Here's how it works: 
The American Civil War was fought over slavery — but throughout US history, powerful forces have tried to erase that truth: 
Calling all 📚💕! There is growing research that suggests that reading books — especially fiction — could make you more empathetic. Here's why: 
It's easy to feel lonely these days — whether or not you're alone. These talks can help: 
"Depression doesn’t diminish a person’s desire to connect with other people, just their ability."

Watch Bill Bernat's full TED Talk here:  
When was the last time you challenged your firmly held beliefs? In this friendly match-up, @AdamMGrant and @Gladwell poke holes in the ideas they’ve spent lifetimes researching with surprising outcomes. Listen to WorkLife on Castbox:  #TEDPods 
It’s OK to feel sad, hopeless and even angry about the planet’s health. Here’s what to do next: 
This is your invitation to imagine a better world. 

Learn more about how you can share your vision here:  @TED_Ed #WeImagineIf
We're raising our girls to be perfect, and we're raising our boys to be brave. This has to stop.

Watch @ReshmaSaujani's full TED Talk here:  
Become a founding member of a new community of thinkers and doers working to build a brighter future. Explore TED Membership now!  
Here's why the advice to bring your authentic self to work doesn’t work for all of us: 
If you know someone who seems to be struggling with their mental health, here's why you should say something: 

[Content warning: This talk discusses suicide.] 
Of the 100 most powerful solutions to reversing global warming, "educating girls" ranked higher than "installing solar panels" or "driving electric cars"! Here's why:  #IWD2021
What does a new kind of leadership look like — one that applies not just to heads of state &amp; CEOs but to all of us? 

Watch @HallaTomas's full TED conversation on what this means and how we can lead through crises:  #MondayMotivation #IWD2021 
"My mom was misinformed and misled by sources that convinced her that if she was a loving parent, she wouldn't vaccinate." 
"Instead of being blind to race, color blindness makes people blind to racism." — Heather McGhee (@hmcghee) 
Are plant-based milks like oat, almond and soy *really* healthier? 
Feel like you're too old to make a difference in the world? You're wrong — and this scientist did the math to prove it! 
"We can't change every little thing that happens to us in life, but we can change the way that we experience it."

Watch Andy Puddicombe's full talk on the benefits of taking 10 minutes a day to meditate here:  
"I've always liked the idea that technology could help make the world more human." 
Islands made of reeds where people live, a village built on stilts — and other amazing solutions from Indigenous and remote communities that can help us rethink how we adjust to climate change: 
This goes out to everyone who can't stop saying "I mean," "umm," and "y'know"... 
Our feelings don't stop just because we're at work. Here's how can fully experience difficult emotions, while still staying professional:  #TEDPods
This substance is responsible for 8% of carbon emissions in the entire world! So how can we make it more climate friendly? 
Looking for a new perspective? As a TED Member, you get special access to a global community, inspiring events, captivating conversations, and more. Join today:  
— How many pages should a resume be?

— Should I write that I was laid off? 

And other burning questions, answered: 
"My voices were a meaningful response to traumatic life events, particularly childhood events, and as such were not my enemies but a source of insight into solvable, emotional problems."

Watch Eleanor Longden's full talk on living with schizophrenia here:  
Is staving off boredom actually ruining your creativity? 

Watch Manoush Zomorodi's (@manoushz) full TED Talk here:  
We can learn a lot from grassroots leaders in the fight for climate survival and social justice. Here are 4 champions you should know: 
Can yoga really decrease stress or help treat depression? Here's the truth behind the hype: 
Educator and creativity expert Sir Ken Robinson believed in the inexhaustible power of our imaginations. In honor of his life and work, we're asking how *you* would reimagine the world. 

Learn more about how you can get involved:  @TED_Ed #WeImagineIf 
Here's why you should set aside one day — when you're not stressed or busy — to really get your finances in order: 
Just for a moment, stop worrying about the future and just check in on your present self: 
Do you want to:
-Gain a new, optimistic outlook
-Attend exclusive TED events
-Make inspiring connections
Become a TED Member today and join a global community of curious minds! Explore now: 
Did you know that in the chimpanzee world, aggressive alpha males have shorter reigns than compassionate ones? Join @JaneGoodallInst and @AdamMGrant as they share how other primates can teach us to be better leaders. Listen to Taken for Granted on Stitcher: 
"Vulnerability minus boundaries is not vulnerability." — @BreneBrown 
Here's how the attacks on Pearl Harbor stoked racism and paranoia — and led to the US detaining thousands of its own citizens: 
"It was only as recently as the 1970s that we had 1.2 million elephants roaming across Africa. Today, we're edging closer to only having 400,000 left." 

Watch Lucy King's full TED talk to learn about the unlikely ally in protecting elephants — bees:  
"The era of menstrual taboos is over."

Watch @DrJenGunter's full TED Talk here:  
Want to help a struggling friend, family member or colleague — but don't know what to say? Try this: 
We all have a family member or friend we love deeply — but they have beliefs that make it difficult to have a relationship with them. 

Here's why it's better to keep them in your life: 
Here's how scientists induced déjà vu in the lab using ... The Sims?!? 
Here's how playing video games could help you become a better strategist and leader: 
These 8 women overcame extraordinary odds, intense opposition, everyday discrimination — and kept fighting anyway. #WomensHistoryMonth 
✨Introducing TED Membership✨

Get exclusive access to unforgettable events, captivating conversations with a global community, and more! Join now:  
"Think of change as a tree. It doesn't grow from the top down. So we shouldn't be waiting for somebody to tell us what to do." — @GloriaSteinem 
It's time to stop letting stress keep you from a more fulfilling life — and start using it as a valuable tool instead. 

To learn the small mindset shift that can help you feel less anxious *and* more confident, watch the full talk here:  #MondayMotivation 
There are no "bad" emotions. Here's how to stop avoiding — and judging yourself for — anger, sadness and other unwanted feelings.

Watch @SusanDavid_PhD's full TED Talk here:  
In June 1942, mysterious anti-Nazi leaflets began appearing all over Munich. They were signed: The White Rose. 

Learn more about the authors’ identities, stories, and tragic fate: 
How can we help people understand that vaccines are safe and important? Start by listening: 
"When Black women embrace their love for their natural hair, it helps to undo generations of teaching that Black in its natural state is not beautiful, or something to be hidden or covered up." 
You probably didn't learn about these trailblazers in school:  #BlackHistoryMonth
"The story of police brutality and killings of unarmed Blacks is not a story about Black people. It's a story about all of us, about racial progress and the stubborn durability of American racism." — @MeganFrancis

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Grammar nerds, this quick lesson is for you: 
Teachers emotionally support our kids. We need to support them, too. 
A regular breathing practice can help you feel calmer in high stress moments — and also in your everyday life: 
Fun fact: It would take a sloth about 5 minutes to cross an average street. 🦥 
.@MichaelDTubbs — former mayor of Stockton, California — asks an important question: What are we prepared to do today to create a better, more equal future? 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
"Wild" author @CherylStrayed joins Design Matters host @DebbieMillman to talk about accessing past selves through writing, the power of planning, and finding what you're meant to do.  #TEDPods
We loved recommending podcasts to all of you! If want even more recs, check out all our amazing #TEDPods here:  
@WillHennessy @spotifypodcasts Are you looking to improve yourself? Find the resiliency to through tough times? Navigate polarizing conversations? No matter what you're looking for, you'll find something useful in this new series"How To Be A Better Human" 
@MicahEames @spotifypodcasts How to Be a Better Human is a great place for self-improvement! Start with Guy Winch: 
@phlemonnier @TEDchris @spotifypodcasts For intercultural connections, we love Far Flung with @kidethnic! Here's a good place to start ⤵️ 
@aykut_ibrisim @spotifypodcasts AND Design Matters with @debbiemillman is one of the oldest podcasts out there 
@_miketheartistz @spotifypodcasts The future is scary! But also exciting? Can it be both? Dig into one of our favs from The TED Interview 
@aykut_ibrisim @spotifypodcasts We once did a WorkLife episode inside the writer's room at the Daily, it's a great peek behind the curtain of such a great show: 
@TEDRadioHour @josephdobson @spotifypodcasts You also might like this episode of Checking In with @SusanDavid_PhD on self-compassion for the self-critical. Listen here: 
@pfrymire @spotifypodcasts We don't have any fiction but for an audio drama, we love Sincerely, X! A great place to start is this episode with a former cult member 
@spicy_thai @ProfAkinola @spotifypodcasts @morraam We &lt;3 @ProfAkinola and TED Business! Have you listened to Susan David's episode on the podcast? We'd recommend a listen. 

@lakshm16 @spotifypodcasts Check out the @TEDCountdown podcast. There's a ton of episodes on how to mitigate climate change that you'll love. 
@AnnieC64 @spotifypodcasts We can imagine you would need your dogs to keep you sane this year! We love this episode of WorkLife on how Burnout is everyone's problem: 
@kishan8005 @spotifypodcasts Far Flung with Saleem Reshamwala features mini audio documentaries in places all over the world! Start in Nairobi and travel from there: 
@mellamoJen @spotifypodcasts We miss travel too! 😭 You will LOVE our podcast FarFlung, we recommend starting with this episode about Mexico City: 
@Reddy20449 @spotifypodcasts There are so many new things to explore on WorkLife with Adam Grant! Here's an ep on how to supercharge your memory: 
@lamego_lamejor @spotifypodcasts Empathy is hard!! @dylanmarron tackles this head on, especially within the context of the digital spaces we all occupy. Take a listen here: 
@mendelswife @spotifypodcasts Water impacts everything in our climate. We love this episode from TED Radio Hour on our relationship with water: 
@gaspeprincess @spotifypodcasts Listen to Amy Sherald on Design Matters—so many fascinating insights to her creative process! 
@im_ankit_14 @spotifypodcasts We love this moving conversation between @TEDchris and @GilbertLiz. Hope you enjoy!  
@DanteDiBattista @spotifypodcasts For insider TED baseball, listen to head of TED Chris Anderson on Design Matters a while back 
@TheMarketingAnu @spotifypodcasts @Brainlabs We love coffee too! Take a moment of gratitude for ALL the people who help make your morning cup of coffee with this @TEDRadioHour episode 
🎧 CALLING ALL PODCAST LOVERS!🎧

For the next 30 mins, if you tell us a bit about yourself, we’ll match you with a podcast episode from our brand new TED Audio Collective! (With a little help from @spotifypodcasts.) 

Ready to find your #TEDPod? Let’s go! 
To keep global temperature rise below 2°C — and avoid a climate disaster — we'll have to quadruple (!) the number of renewable energy jobs to 42 million by 2050. Here are some to look out for: 
Worried that machines and artificial intelligence will take your job? Here's how we can protect the human element of work: 
TED speaker @Thasunda Brown Duckett was just named CEO of the Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (TIAA), making her one of two Black Women at the head a Fortune 500 company.

Hear her advice on building a better relationship with money: 
.@MeganPhelps's story proves that civil discourse can make people change their minds — even on Twitter. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Some origami shapes require only a few folds — and some require up to 1,000! 
"It seemed like a miracle to read the words of someone I am related to, someone I could trace to my bloodline instead of some generalized story about slavery."  #BlackHistoryMonth
Batteries are simply items that store and release energy — and they don't all look like the ones in your remote control: 
"When you give a Black boy the talk, you pray he is of the faction of the fraction that survives."

Watch Marc Bamuthi Joseph's (@bamuthi360) powerful spoken word performance here:  
Some of the best climate solutions are coming from the communities affected the most. Here's why we should support them — and let them lead the way: 
It's time to get over the taboo of talking about money. Your finances will thank you! 
1. Define your fears, not your goals.
2. Banish the word “fine.”
3. Approach your obstacles with curiosity.
4. Embrace your near-wins.

Here's how you can start implementing these in your life: 
This speaker will change the way you think about the universe and reality. 

But he's not a philosopher or a physicist — he's a historian: 
How open should you be at work? @BreneBrown and @AdamMGrant dive into the power of vulnerability at work and share how you can set healthy boundaries. 

Listen to WorkLife on @pocketcasts:  #TEDPods 
It's one of Morrison's most celebrated works. But what makes it so compelling — and enduring? 
This artist makes intricate paintings with the help of a small army of robots. 

Watch Sougwen Chung's full TED Talk here:  
Check out all of our upcoming “Hit Reset” conversations featuring #TEDPods hosts @DebbieMillman, @ProfAkinola and @manoushz! Save these dates 👇: 
Need a reset? Join us tomorrow 2/23 at 1PM ET for a special Linkedin live conversation with WorkLife Host @AdamMGrant and TED Talks Daily Host @elisewho on resetting your thinking and letting go of old ideas.

📣What questions do you have for them? 


Aliens did *not* build the pyramids — and here's why saying they did is dangerous: 
From anti-racism to sci-fi, these books by Black authors are a great addition to your reading list: 



Introducing the TED Audio Collective! 🎧 

Explore a collection of podcasts created for the curious learner in all of us. Whether you want to work smarter, think deeper, or dream bigger, we have the perfect show for you. 

Listen to our #TEDpods here:  
How do you face uncomfortable conversations?

Watch @MellodyHobson’s TED Talk on why we must talk about race — even when it’s difficult — if we want to improve our workplaces, schools and communities:  #MondayMotivation 
This writer survived cancer, but her real struggle began once she left the hospital. Here's why she says the myth of the "heroic" and "inspiring" survivor is so dangerous.

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
On Friday, the US officially rejoined the Paris Climate Agreement. 🎉

Check out this exclusive @TEDCountdown interview between @AlGore and @ClimateEnvoy @JohnKerry on what it will take to get to net zero emissions by 2050 — and stop irreversible damage: 
These whimsical illustrations from deaf artist Christine Sun Kim combine American Sign Language and musical notation and create something truly unique: 
What do English and Hindi have in common? More than you think: 
What do cultures give up on their quest to conform? Here's why we all should continue to cherish our native languages:  #MotherLanguageDay
"If you believe that your liberation is bound up with mine, then I invite you to make Black Trans Lives Matter your personal ethic."

Watch D-L Stewart's full talk here:  
As the US rejoins the Paris Agreement, here's a look at which countries are actually following through on their ambitious goals to slash carbon emissions — and which aren't: 
By replicating the natural cement of creatures like barnacles, scientists are making adhesives that are stronger than superglue — and even work underwater: 
Here's how this visionary author upended the sci-fi genre by writing diverse characters for diverse audiences: 
This strategy expert has developed 10 games — yes, we said games! — to help companies and employees break out of ruts. Here's how to play 1 of them: 
Did you know: Dandruff is actually a result of fungi eating the oil on your scalp? 🤢 
Just surviving and not really thriving? Here are 4 ways to fend off work-from-home burnout: 
Ready for more from @TEDCountdown? Check out our 2021 events and learn more about how you can get involved: 
Here's why the next decade is a make-or-break time in our efforts to reach net zero emissions by 2050. 

Watch the full @TEDCountdown interview with Nobel Laureate @AlGore and @ClimateEnvoy @JohnKerry here:  
What is the fairest, most equitable way to make sure *everyone* can get COVID-19 vaccines and treatments? There are a few answers ... 
Here's how @BillGates decides which tech and big, bold plans are actually worth investing in: 

Take a look at these strikingly beautiful photos featuring hyperrealistic androids, humans with bionic limbs or synthetic muscles, and more! 
.@NASA's latest Mars rover Perseverance is set to land on the red planet today. 

In the meantime, check out these talks on why scientists are so interested in Mars and what promise it could hold for humanity:  #CountdownToMars
Frogs actually *do* know when a rising temp is putting them in danger. Humans on the other hand... 
"I invite each of you to ask yourself: What is the future you want? And what are you doing to make that future a reality?"  — climate leader Christiana Figures

Watch @CFigueres' full talk here:  
When you've been shopping online, have you seen "56 other people have this in their cart" or "pay with just $20 a month"?

Don't fall for them: 
Here's why we must listen to science — even if its findings are inconvenient or controversial. 

Watch the full talk here:  
Through humanity's worst moments, theater has always endured. Here's why it will survive this pandemic too: 
Over 4 centuries, the Atlantic slave trade forcibly brought more than 10 million Africans to the Americas.

Here’s how its aftershocks still affect Black people — and Africa as a whole: 
Here are 4 common mistakes you might be making when asking someone for help: 
Deep sleep is the most regenerative stage of your night's sleep. Here's how to get more of it.

Watch Dan Gartenberg's full TED Talk here:  
As a leader, you have to learn, change and grow. But can you do those things and stay true to yourself? Here's how: 

This software engineer was stuck in a rut — so he built an app that randomly told him what to do, where to go and what to eat. Here's what he learned:  
Here's how this artistic innovator rose to acclaim and forever changed the art world: 
"A truly successful life is the one which is spent in the pursuit of becoming the best possible version of yourself when you take that last breath."

Watch Bhakti Sharma's full TED Talk here:  
Hearing about history firsthand is powerful. Here's what we can learn from people's real stories about segregation and the Civil Rights Movement:  #BlackHistoryMonth
"Anyone who is suffering from shame and public humiliation needs to know one thing: You can survive it." — @MonicaLewinsky 
What do you want to achieve? Speak it into existence!

Here's how Seattle @Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson (@DangeRussWilson) stays focused on *and* off the field:  #MondayMotivation 
"Emotions have a direct, physical effect on the human heart."

Watch Sandeep Jauhar’s full TED Talk here: 
Here's how you can protect your sensitive — and potentially scandalous — digital files: 
Which team are you on: Milk, white, or dark? 🍫 Here's how they're all made: 
Here are 4 reasons you should learn another language. 

Watch John McWhorter's full TED Talk here:  
When you're grieving a loved one, creating a ritual can help you keep their memory alive — and heal. Here's how: 
Here's why whether or not you're attracted to someone has a lot to do with how they smell: 
 
Besties Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are #GalentinesDay goals! 😍 

It would be much, much worse than just losing your Wi-Fi ... 
Here's how archaeologists use teeth to map the migration patterns of ancient humans: 
Here's the story behind Lunar New Year's biggest traditions:  
Coal is big business in India. Here's how the country could transition their growing economy away from fossil fuels: 
These talks will shift your perspective on desire, infidelity, and what it takes to build healthy, long-lasting relationship. 

Watch them here:  
Chocolate production is contributing to climate change — and climate change is threatening chocolate production! Here's how we can make this industry more sustainable (and farmer-friendly): 
What good are gadgets if you don't have the training or support to use them? Here's what is *really* needed to close the tech gap: 
What *couldn't* Marie Curie do?!? 

Did you know she was the first — and only — person to win Nobel Prizes in 2 different scientific fields? 
"The very ingredients that nurture love — mutuality, reciprocity, protection, worry ... are sometimes the very ingredients that stifle desire."

Watch the full talk here:  
When we set too many goals for saving money, we don't accomplish any of them. Here's a better way: 
Want other people to care about climate change? The best way to do it is simple: Speak from the heart.

Watch @KHayhoe's full TED Talk here:  
When you think about yourself 10 years into the future, what are you like? Do you have the same tastes, friends or habits?  

Here's why your predictions are probably wrong: 
Here's how under-resourced communities are building affordable housing that protects them from the effects of climate change: 
This takes "silent but deadly" to a whole new level. 💀💀💀 
Here’s how computers powered by subatomic particles could solve our biggest problems, like climate change, global diseases and more: 
Gross but cool: This is how your body knows when it's gas — and when it's definitely more than just gas.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Do you know the 5 love languages?

1) Words of affirmation 💬
2) Acts of service 💆‍♀️
3) Gifts 🎁
4) Quality time 👯‍♀️
5) Physical touch 💏

Here's how knowing other people's love languages can nourish your relationships: 
If all the concrete in the world were a country, it would be the 3rd biggest CO2 producer (after China and the US). 

Here's how a new type of cement could help us reduce carbon emissions: 
How will you stand up for your dreams today? 

Watch Jedidah Isler's inspiring talk on being the first Black woman to earn a PhD in astrophysics from Yale — and the untapped genius that could change science for the better:  #MondayMotivation 
If the meeting absolutely *cannot* be turned into an email — then make it super short. Here's why: 
You — and everyone else — are probably using the term "alpha male" incorrectly.

Here's why:  
"Of the first 111 NFL players we looked at, 110 were positive for this disease. And of the first 53 college football players we looked at, 48 had this disease."

Watch the full talk on concussions and CTE here:  
Concussions can cause:

— blurry vision
— balance problems
— altered mood and behavior
— problems with memory, thinking, and sleeping ...

... and more: 
Here's how Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson harnesses the power of "neutral" thinking — on the field and off: 
Here's why one of our most attractive traits is a strong immune system: 
Economic inequality is at a record high — and so is political polarization. Here's how the two are connected: 
"We read to get lost, to forget the hard times we're living in, and we read to remember those who came before us, who lived through something harder." — Jacqueline Woodson

Watch her full talk here:  
You can't magically add more hours to the day — but you can get better at spending the ones you already have: 
Sojourner Truth's powerful words made her a prominent figure in campaigns for both abolition and women’s rights. Learn more about her life:  #BlackHistoryMonth
Ever wanted to know how quantum mechanics work? This fun (and short!) video explains the basics ... with foosball! 
If we want action on climate change, we have to show people how going green will improve everyone's  lives — and not just the environment. 
Myth: Rosa Park was old and tired that day on the bus. 

The truth: She was only 42, her feet were fine — and the only thing she was tired of was oppression. 
If you’re looking for advice on how to be a better partner, friend — or just a better all-around person — then we have the perfect podcast for you. Introducing “How to Be a Better Human”, a new TED podcast to help you become your best self, listen here:  
When it comes to climate-related natural disasters and pollution, the sad truth is that marginalized communities are hit the hardest — and helped the least: 
Listening well isn't just about talking less — it's also about showing interest, empathy and understanding. Here's how to master it: 
Think you know what's right and wrong? Here's why it will probably be different years from now: 
Have you read anything by James Baldwin? Here's how his writing and activism helped shape the Civil Rights movement in the US:  #BlackHistoryMonth
This is how baby coral are born. (Awww!)

Watch the full talk here:  
No time? No space?  No motivation? Here are 3 workouts that are perfect for you: 
"How much can the human condition handle? What makes us capable of dealing with this intense loss and yet carry on?"

Watch Jason Rosenthal's TED Talk here:  
— Which debts should you pay off first?

— How can you get a lower interest rate?

And more questions, answered: 
Did you know: In 2019, short videos generated an estimated $95 billion and created roughly 1.2 million jobs around the world! 
1 second is exactly 9,192,631,770 ticks of an atom of cesium-133. 

Here's what that actually means: 
Can't stop humming that catchy tune? Here's why that happens: 
Here's how this revolutionary tech is helping governments, nonprofits, corporations and more create the world's smartest maps — and a better world: 
Knowing *what* you're going to say is important. But *how* you to say it might be even more important: 
From the beginning of WWI until the 1970s, millions of Black Americans fled the Jim Crow South. This "Great Migration" would change American history and culture. 

Watch @IsabelWilkerson's full TED Talk here:  #BlackHistoryMonth 
Here's how art can power change — what will you decide to make? 
Here are the 3 keys to being an active listener — and how to practice them in your next conversation: 
Most couples will experience arguments, jealousy and communication problems — but when are these warning signs of an unhealthy relationship?

Watch Katie Hood's full TED Talk here:  
Learn something new this #BlackHistoryMonth with these talks on Black identity, milestones, activism and resilience: 
What's the difference between a mentor and a sponsor? Mentors can help you improve at your job, but sponsors can help you move up in your career. 

Here's how to find — or become — a sponsor:  #MondayMotivation 
Warning: These talks might make you go 🤯 🤯 🤯 
Ever wondered what ✨✨✨ sound like? This astronomer developed an innovative technique to allow her to keep studying the field she loves. Take a listen: 
"On any given night in America, almost half a million people go to sleep in those concrete jail cells who have not been convicted of anything."

Watch Robin Steinberg's full TED Talk here:  
She wasn't just the first woman software engineer — she was the first software engineer, period. 
Just for a moment, stop worrying about the future — and check in on your present self: 
Here are 6 steps that can make coming out as an LGBTQ+ person a little bit easier: 
What is "everyday democracy" — and how could it include a greater numbers of regular citizens making the most important decisions?

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
1.7 billion people worldwide are at risk for worm infections, which can rob them of nutrients, cause pain and stunt physical and cognitive growth.

Here's how one group is fighting this neglected global health problem:  @TheAudaciousPrj #WorldNTDDay
And why simply planting more trees isn't enough to stop climate change: 
2 million people worldwide are blind or visually impaired due to trachoma, and as many as 200 million may be at risk. But we can stop it:  @TheAudaciousPrj #WorldNTDDay
Getting more sleep is always better, right? Not necessarily: 
When solving a problem or thinking creatively, the anterior cingulate cortex (say that 3 times fast!) in your brain lights up.

Here's how you can make it light up more often: 
Inside where your emotions come from — and 2 strategies to help keep them under control: 
Fish can't survive out of the water, right? Actually, for hundreds of species of fish, that's not true! 
Frustrated by progressive lenses? Or wearing reading glasses *with* your contacts? 

These innovative lenses aim to fix that: 
"Real success is developing champions in life for our world — win or lose." 

Watch the full TED TED Talk from former UCLA Women's Gymnastics Coach Valorie Kondos Field (@OfficialMissVal) here:  
These bird's-eye view images of Earth are both incredible *and* incredibly unsettling. 
A good budget isn't about limiting *how much* money you spend. It's about thoughtfully choosing *when* and *why* you spend it: 
@Kimster96378716 @PadmaLakshmi @chefjoseandres @WCKitchen @TheAudaciousPrj Hi Kim — The video will be saved in our IGTV channel after the livestream ends, so you can watch later!
Here's why public spaces still matter —  and how we can protect them from privatization: 
Follow us down the rabbit hole ... of math! 
Getting plenty of sleep — but still feel exhausted? You might need a different kind of rest! Here's a handy checklist to help you figure out which you need. 

Learn more about the 7 types of rest here:  
This is how a star is born — literally: 
While you're sleeping, your brain is hard at work ... cleaning itself. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Here's a great crash course if the stock market just leaves you very, very confused: 
The pandemic has exposed the US education system's biggest problems. Here's how we can finally address them: 
"We must put the same long-term planning into strengthening religious freedom as was put into the spread of religious extremism." — the late Rabbi Lord Jonathan Sacks #HolocaustRemembranceDay 
Rosalind Brewer was just named CEO of Walgreens, making her the only Black woman currently at the head of a Fortune 500 company. 

Watch her TED Talk on what it takes to make a more diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace: 
Sick of:

- Ruminating?
- Wallowing?
- Making excuses? 

Here's how to get back on your feet: 
When it comes to your ancestry, your DNA tells only half the story: 
Buying stuff on the internet just doesn't feel the same as going to the store. Here’s how we could make online shopping more social — and a whole lot more fun: 
Wikipedia just turned 20 years old ... but it still has a huge blind spot: 
"The unpaid sector ... in almost every country where I’ve ever seen the data, is the single largest sector of the nation’s economy.”

Watch Marilyn Waring's full TED Talk here:  
Does the pressure to do your best actually prevent you from doing that? Here's how to get out of your own way.

Watch Sian Leah Beilock's full talk here:  
Here's how we could redesign cities to prioritize the health of their residents — and the planet: 
Virtual events planner, work-from-home coordinator, and other careers that a work expert predicts will be in demand this decade: 
Do you let the fear of coming up short stop you from even trying at all?

Watch the late Sir Ken Robinson's classic TED Talk on creativity — which has nearly 70 million views! — here:
 #MondayMotivation 
Cults never actually call themselves cults — here's how to spot one: 
"Being quiet is comfortable. Keeping things the way they've been is comfortable. All comfort has done is maintain the status quo." — @Luvvie Ajayi Jones

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Don't let self-doubt sabotage your job search — here's how to  show employers the accomplishments that aren't on your resume: 
We simply can't know what will happen in the future — and trying to predict it ends up hurting our wellbeing.

Here's how we can learn how to live with ambiguity: 
The stigma around miscarriage and stillbirth forces parents to grieve and cope alone. Here are 3 ways that we can take to help end it: 
Women are told to lean in — yet when they do, they're called "aggressive", "pushy" or "nasty". How can we finally move past these persistent stereotypes? 
In its 1,500 years of existence, chess has been used as a tool of military strategy, a metaphor for relationships — and a measure of genius. 
When you ask someone "Where are you from?", what are you really asking them? 

Watch the full TED Talk from Taiye Selasi (@taiyeselasi) here:  
❤️  Our hearts are on the left.
➡️  Our livers are on the right.
🧠  And the two sides of our brain function differently.

Here's why: 
Here's why taking time to be still can help you find clarity in your life and your work: 
Applications are still open for our Global Idea Search! Apply by Jan. 31, 2021 for your chance to give a TED Talk:   
This photographer documented 3,000 miles of unmapped territory around the world. Here’s why it matters: 
 
Here's how health professionals — and the rest of us — can help build greater trust in vaccines: 
AI is now making decisions like...

-Who gets hired
-Who's approved for a loan
-Who's admitted into colleges 
-Who's targeted as a criminal suspect

Watch Joy Buolamwini's full TED Talk on how our human biases make it into algorithms:  
Here's why restoring forests could be one of humanity's greatest weapons against climate change: 
78% of people would disclose their entire dating history to their partner ... before ever disclosing their financial history! 
Global food production accounts for about 1/4 of greenhouse gas emissions. But reducing our meat and dairy intake would seriously help: 
"When I dared to trust and share my frustrations and my anger and my sadness and my tears with my team, I became a happier and more effective leader." 

(Note: This talk contains a graphic story.) 
It can get pretty chilly up on the TED stage... 
We dare you to watch this talk — and do nothing else. (Gasp!) 
What does it take to build confidence? Here are 3 keys.

Watch Brittany Packnett Cunningham's (@mspackyetti) full TED Talk here:  
How did the leaders of 195 countries manage to come together to sign the Paris Climate accord? Hear from the woman who made it happen: 
In 2017, Amanda Gorman made history as the United States's first Youth Poet Laureate. Now today, the TED speaker is the youngest poet to read her work at a US Presidential inauguration. Watch it now: 
How to let go of:
- "I don't have time"
- "I'll start next week"
- "I'm too out of shape to work out" 

... and the other excuses you've been telling yourself: 
"We're not just part of government on one day every few years when we vote ... We're part of it every other day of the year." 
Today, National Youth Poet Laureate Amanda Gorman (@TheAmandaGorman) follows in the steps of poets like Maya Angelou to perform at a US Presidential Inauguration. 

Watch her 2018 TED Talk here: 
When pigs fly? What about when *SQUIDS* fly? 
Have you lost someone you love? Are you supporting a friend who's mourning? Here's the messy truth about grief. 

Watch Nora McInerny's (@noraborealis) full TED Talk here:  
Here's why you should time how long it takes you to do the dishes: 
The democracy-saving, job-creating power of a thriving creative industry: 
We hope you like probabilities ... 
In an interview with the late Congressman John Lewis, lawyer Bryan Stevenson asked the civil rights leader what he'd like to be remembered for. Here's what he said.

Watch their full conversation here:  
Dr. @BerniceKing — community builder and daughter of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. — shares what it will take to end systemic racism in the US. #MLKDay 
Would Martin Luther King Jr. approve of a holiday in his name? Here's why director @Ava DuVernay thinks no: 
How do you make important decisions? These are the 3 questions you should ask yourself.

Watch @StaceyAbrams's full TED Talk here:  #MondayMotivation 
Racism is bad for everyone — yes, even white people.

Watch Heather McGhee (@hmcghee)'s full talk here:  
Kids who are taught to simply "not see race" can still grow up to be racist. Here's how parents should talk about racial injustice with their kids: 
Room temp, lighting and other easy-to-fix factors that can help you fall asleep *and* stay asleep: 
In 1666, the leading migration researcher was convinced that every winter, birds flew to ... the Moon?!? 
 
Lawyer Bryan Stevenson (@eji_org) has dedicated his life to fighting racial discrimination in the justice system.

Watch his full TED Talk — which got the longest standing ovation in TED's history — here:  
Not all headaches are created equal — here's the difference between a head-pounding hangover and the more mysterious migraine: 
Good news: You don't have to work out for a long time to see real benefits: 
"We will have to take it one step at a time: Help the weak, persuade those in doubt, imagine new solutions and commit to carry them out."  — His Holiness Pope Francis (@Pontifex) 
How can technology like artificial intelligence be biased? Because the data that it runs on is: 
A kind-but-firm way to communicate your sexual needs to your partner: 
In Ukraine and southern Russia, researchers found 300 female skeletons — ranging in age from 10-45 — all bearing weapons *and* combat wounds: 
Wikipedia turns 20 today! 🎉 (Can you believe it?!) Hear how it all got started, from the online encyclopedia's founder:    #Wikipedia20
"My mom was misinformed and misled by sources that convinced her that if she was a loving parent, she wouldn't vaccinate."

Watch Ethan Lindenberger's full TED Talk here:  
The first step is understanding your worth — and knowing you're enough: 
What's the best way to get your point across? Tell a really good story. 

Don't think you need privacy because you've got nothing to hide? Think again.

Watch Kade Crockford's full talk on the danger of facial surveillance technology here:  
"What truly makes us free is being bound to others in mutual aid and obligation, having to work things out the best we can in our neighborhoods and towns, as if our fates were entwined, because they are."  — @EricPLiu 
Spoiler alert: Personality tests are ... kind of a scam. 
To predict how a child will end up, you have to look at many factors —not just their parents: 
If you're struggling to get your spending under control, don't blame yourself! Here's why it has less to do with you — and more to do with your environment: 
What should you keep in mind when speaking up? 

1) Confidence
2) Intent 
3) Delivery
4) Finding solutions 
The 600-year journey of "the most influential artwork ever" goes from 1432 Belgium to a salt mine in Nazi-occupied Austria. Yet part of it is still missing to this day. 
What leads someone to commit political violence? This historian pored over decades' worth of manifestos and court documents — and found 4 shocking trends.

Watch Christiane-Marie Abu Sarah's full TED Talk here:  
Humanity has become an existential threat to itself. Here’s how we can put the planet back in balance: 
During these scary and exhausting times, give yourself permission to just be. 
Can't seem to calm down and focus? 

This simple trick can help cut through the anxiety — and takes less than a minute. Learn more here:  
To stay at or below 2° C of global warming, we need to capture between 4 and 7 gigatons of CO2 per year by 2040 (!!!). This amazing technology could help us pull it off: 
"To be viewed as acceptable as a leader, [women] have to stay balanced on a tightrope between strength and empathy." 
This is how your ☕☕☕  is made — from tree to bean to mug: 
You have the power to adapt — even when things feel like they are out of your control.

This idea kept Simone George and Mark Pollock afloat after an accident paralyzed Mark. Watch their talk on balancing between acceptance and hope:   #MondayMotivation 
Research-backed tips to help you stick to your New Year's resolutions way past February: 
"I became Lucius25, white supremacist lurker, and digitally I began to infiltrate the infamous alt-right movement."

Watch Theo E.J. Wilson's full talk here:  
We know, we know. Yuck! But hear us out ... 
"We cannot recover until we commit ourselves to a process of truth and reconciliation." — lawyer Bryan Stevenson (@eji_org) 
To achieve goals big and small, you have to be willing to suck at them first. Here's why: 
This clever device collects carbon from a car's exhaust pipe ... and turns it into ink! 

Watch the full talk here:  
White supremacist groups may have changed over the years, but the ways they recruit and radicalize young people have stayed the same: 
Today, it's not enough to simply be "not racist" — here's why we should all strive to be antiracist instead.

Watch Ibram X. Kendi's (@DrIbram) full talk here:  
Deciding what your goals are and how you plan to achieve them is important. 

But it's just as important to ask *why* you want to accomplish them in the first place. 
Why does running on a treadmill feel like such a punishment? Maybe because it was created as one: 
 
"We can't change every little thing that happens to us in life, but we can change the way that we experience it."

Watch Andy Puddicombe's full talk on the benefits of taking 10 minutes a day to meditate here:  
A regular breathing practice can help you feel calmer in high-stress situations — and in your everyday life: 
When one of the biggest performances of her career didn't go as planned, singer-songwriter Madison McFerrin (@madmcferrin) was crushed. Here's how she bounced back — and wrote a song about persevering no matter what: 
When you think of artificial intelligence in the workplace, does your first thought turn to automation? Here's how AI actually has the potential to diversify and expand our workforce instead: 
As you expose your muscles to stress — like exercise  — they form microscopic tears. Here's why that's actually a good thing: 
To achieve goals big and small, you have to be willing to suck at them first. Here's why: 
Physical rest
Mental rest
Creative rest
Sensory rest
Emotional rest
Social rest
Spiritual rest

Yes, you need them all: 
It's not too late to add "get more sleep" to that New Year's resolutions list.

Watch Arianna Huffington's full TED Talk here:  
Humans have more free time than ever — so why does it feel like we're *always busy*? 
Here's why WNBA champion @ReneeMontgomery gave up her dream job — and chose to fight for something bigger:   
Here's your reminder to stand up, stretch or take a walk! Your body — and brain — will thank you later. 
Join us on a journey across the globe in search of the world’s most surprising and imaginative ideas. Listen to the first season of our podcast Far Flung with Saleem Reshamwala on the all-new @stitcher app:  #MadeForPodcasts
"Once you know what you want, understand why you want it. Make sure you want it because there's something not that you should do but something you must do."

Watch Stacey Abrams' full TED Talk here:  
We don't know who needs to hear this but ... you're not a fraud. 
Not only do these bottom-dwellers have luminescent bodies and straw-like appendages, they could also help keep CO2 out of the atmosphere. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
These are the biggest dos and don'ts of crafting a compelling argument: 
Teaching students to think for themselves should be a part of every school’s curriculum.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
What if returning to work after losing a loved one wasn't something to dread — but something that could genuinely help us live with our grief? 
Curious about trying this popular trend? Here's what we know — and don't know — about how intermittent fasting affects your health: 
We love this! ❤️ Thanks for watching. 😊 
Mind. Blown. 🤯

Watch more of @JacobCollier's musical wizardry here:  
To fight climate change and pollution, we're going to need some concrete solutions. Literally. 
We agree — TED Translators are pretty amazing! We are so thankful for all of the amazing volunteers who help make TED Talks more accessible to people around the world. Learn more about our TED Translators program here:  
From fighting climate change to improving your health, there are lots of great reasons to try to eat *less* meat. 
New year, new you? It starts with breaking free from the stories we've been telling ourselves about our lives.

Watch @LoriGottlieb1's TED Talk on how changing your story can change your life:  #MondayMotivation 
"We have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned." - @angeladuckw

Watch Angela Lee Duckworth's full TED Talk here:  
Can yoga really decrease stress or help treat depression? Here's the truth behind the hype: 
Do you juggle several projects at once, or dive into a single subject for months until you switch fields entirely? 
These are the long-term benefits of regular exercise for your brain. 

Watch Wendy Suzuki's full TED Talk here:  
Do you know where your 💩 goes? Here's why you should care: 
And what even is an ambivert?!? 
Don't go rinsing out your eyes! Here's what you're really seeing: 
Do you prefer your own company? You're not alone. 

Watch Susan Cain's classic TED Talk about why we should celebrate the talents and abilities of introverts: 
#WorldIntrovertDay 
Hint: It has to do with your neurons. 
It's only when we lose control of what comes next that we learn who we truly are. 

Watch Pico Iyer's full TED Talk here:  
Here's how making small, sustainable changes can help you stick to those New Year's resolutions: 
We'll just leave this here. 
What would you like to be remembered for?

Watch Lux Narayan's full TED Talk here:  
Eating healthy and exercising more are *so* last year! Here are some fresh ideas for 2021: 
"The people who have a strong sense of love and belonging believe they're worthy of love and belonging. That's it." — Brené Brown 
Plus, the scientific reason you shouldn't drink on an empty stomach: 
These are the 20 ideas that captured your attention, sparked your curiosity and somehow broke through during this chaotic, world-altering year: 
It's awkward to tell you this here, but ... 
Here's what students in the global @TED_ED community said they've learned in 2020 — and what gives them hope for the future. 

Know a student who loves big ideas? Check out our TED Student Talks Program:  
Need to break out of your resolution rut? Here are some suggestions, inspired by TED Talks: 
Your late nights and early mornings have way more consequences for your health and memory than you think. 

Watch Matt Walker's full TED Talk here:  
A useful crash course in recognizing deception: 
From movie and TV show reboots to indulging in our favorite childhood meals, it's clear that we love nostalgia. But is it good for us? 
No one is born with resilience — you have to build it in yourself.  

Watch the full TED Talk from @DrLucyHone here:  
Here's how to ensure your partner continues to desire you — and remains desirable to you. 
"If girls grow up in a world where words like 'crazy' and 'psycho' and 'hysterical' are casually used to describe female enthusiasm, how does that shape the way those girls see themselves?” 
If you're over talking to friends on Zoom calls, it is time to travel to a virtual world. Explore the surprisingly kind virtual worlds where people gather with new and old friends. Listen on @applepodcasts:  

Made possible with the support of @marriott. 
Are you willing to sit with your anger, fear and disappointment? Accurately labeling, accepting and listening to your emotions is the key to helping you figure out where to go next.

Watch @SusanDavid_PhD's full TED Talk here:  #MondayMotivation 
#6: Don't argue with people who ignore the facts. 
Great advice that every twenty-something needs to hear. 

Watch Meg Jay's full TED Talk here:  
Some couples stop having sex over time, while others manage to keep the spark going. Here's their secret: 
Only 1 out of every 10 people worldwide is left handed. But surprisingly in some professional sports, the balance is 50-50. Here's why: 
When you ruminate, stress sticks around in the body long after the reason for the stress is over. 
This one speaks for itself. 
People who lie tend to use these 4 speech patterns. Here's how to spot them: 
The first thing to do is ask yourself: "Is this really about me?" 
Before Adam Driver became Kylo Ren in Star Wars, he was a United States Marine. 

Watch Adam's full TED Talk about bringing theater to the military:  
Not all properties are created equal in Monopoly — here are the ones that are worth your (fake) money and will help lead you to victory. 
What we know — and don't know — about pregnancy's effects on the body and brain: 
Gross but cool: This is how your body knows when it's gas — and when it's definitely more than just gas. 
Why are some of us more likely to help other people — even when it’s an enormous risk and cost to ourselves? 

Watch Abigail Marsh's full TED Talk here:  
Here's how you can break through to your family or friends about the issues you care about the most: 
The reason is equal parts mythology ... and biology 😳😳 
The case for a provocative idea — guaranteed basic income: 
"Sometimes, the poem is so bright, your silly language will not stick to it. Sometimes, the poem is so true, nobody will believe you." — 
@kaysarahsera

Watch Sarah Kay's full TED Talk here:  
For more than 80 years, this famous study has tracked the lives of 724 men — and this was the strongest predictor they found of a happy and healthy life. 

Watch Robert Waldinger's full TED Talk here:  
Next time you find yourself on the verge of blowing up at your kids, partner, coworkers, that person in the store, or the world, try this instead: 
A healthy gut = a healthy body. Here are the best foods to eat: 
Here’s what lawyer @Neal_Katyal says is the key to crafting a persuasive case — both in and out of court: 
The indigenous knowledge of Sky Science has given us some of the most breathtaking and intelligent architectural designs in modern history. 

Learn more on our podcast Far Flung. Listen on @Castbox:  

Made possible with the support of @Marriott. 
Feel like you need a vacation from ... everything? We feel you. Here's how to get away without going anywhere: 
Here's how to talk to anyone, anywhere: 
Plus, 2 proven ways to lower your stress levels:
 
"Empathizing with someone you profoundly disagree with does not compromise your own deeply held beliefs and endorse theirs. It just means acknowledging the humanity of someone who was raised to think differently." 

Watch @DylanMarron's full TED Talk here:  
Racism and bias in health care ignores Black women's pain and leads to higher maternal mortality rates. Here's what must be done to fix the system: 
It's...

- 395 million x colder than your refrigerator 
- 100 million x colder than liquid nitrogen
- 4 million x colder than outer space ... 
Don't let failure stop you from trying again — here are 6 tips on how to bounce back after you fall: 
What will this new day bring you? No matter what happens, mindfulness can help you face it with clarity and calm.

Watch Andy Puddicombe's talk and learn how you can start being more present in just 10 minutes a day:  #MondayMotivation 
These reads can help you re-examine your narrative — and discover what’s not  true, what’s holding you back, and what you can do next: 
.@JustinBaldoni has a challenge for men: Are you strong enough to be sensitive?

Watch the full talk here:  
Which of these bags has the smallest carbon footprint: Paper, plastic or cotton? (Hint: The answer is not what you'd think.) 
The Holocaust is the most-documented genocide in the world. How can people believe it didn't happen? 
This is for anyone who's wondered: "Is that really what I sound like?"

Watch Rébecca Kleinberger's full TED Talk here:  
This talk will bring a whole new meaning to the word “boner.” 
This brain researcher studied her own stroke ... as it happened. Hear her amazing story — and what she discovered: 
This team served 4 million meals to Puerto Rico residents after 2017’s Hurricane Maria — now here's how they handled 2020: 
If you aren't filled with holiday cheer this year, don't judge yourself. You're not alone: 
This also explains why some people are hoarders... 
 
Every technological transformation in history has brought ethical dilemmas. Here's how we can approach this one responsibly and sustainably: 
If you care about the health of the planet, you're probably recycling — and you're probably doing it wrong: 
اللغة ليست مجرد حروف وكلمات، بل هي كنز يحوي رموز الثقافة والمعرفة والمجتمع. تعرف على طرق الحفاظ على لغتك الأم هنا: 


#اليوم_العالمي_للغة_العربية
 #TED_بالعربي
Your language is more than just what you say. Here's what your native tongue says about your culture and community — and why that's worth protecting:  (via #TEDinArabic) #ArabicLanguageDay
Here's what happens when 2 monkeys are offered unequal pay for the same task. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Sadly, episodes of domestic violence have skyrocketed during the pandemic. Here’s how we should respond: 
"Son, I'm sorry, but you can't act the same as your white friends. You can't pretend to shoot guns. You can't run around in the dark. You can't hide behind anything other than your own teeth." 

Watch Clint Smith's full TED Talk here:  
No matter your socioeconomic status, you have the right to a financial future. Here's how we include everyone: 
Journey to North Carolina where we explore the daring vision of Soul City, a short-lived Black utopia. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  

Made possible with the support of @Marriott. 
"I never once thought of myself as a battered wife. Instead, I was a very strong woman in love with a deeply troubled man." — Leslie Morgan Steiner 

Watch her powerful TED Talk about domestic violence here:  
— Have pharmaceutical companies skipped steps in the process or cut corners? 

— Will I get COVID-19 from the vaccine? 

— Will the vaccine end the pandemic? 

And more questions, answered: 
Understanding a language is so much more than just knowing how to read, write or speak it. 
Calling all podcast enthusiasts! 

Our end of year podcast wrap up is here! Catch up on some faves and discover a couple new ones too. Listen on @spotifypodcasts:  
A look at the literary genius who brought Scrooge, Tiny Tim, and the Ghost of Christmas Past to life on the page: 
Whether you and your colleagues are collaborating in person, remote or doing a blend, here are 3 traits shared by the best teams: 
Never underestimate the power of fangirls.

Watch Yve Blake's full talk here:  
What causes pneumonia — and how is it treated? Here's what you need to know: 
This family's story proves that our biggest goals — and our biggest challenges — can be won by taking small steps: 
Struggling right now? We hear you! We recommend our podcast Checking in with @SusanDavid_PhD with tips on moving forward with grief, dealing with burn out and more:  

(PS: Thanks @SpotifyPodcasts for featuring it as one of the best podcasts of the year!)
Here's why you should stop trying to find your one true passion — and start *living* passionately instead: 
Check out this video featuring the trickster god that inspired Tom Hiddleston's character from Thor and The Avengers: 
It’s not always easy to speak up — but it's worth it. Here are the 3 things to do when you see something wrong: 
Go into today with the courage to believe that you. are. enough.

Learn what it takes to meaningfully connect with others — and how you can start seeing yourself as worthy by watching @BreneBrown's TED Talk here:  #MotivationMonday 
“We're so marinated in the culture of speed that we almost fail to notice the toll it takes on every aspect of our lives." - writer @CarlHonore 
Which of these bags has the smallest carbon footprint: Paper, plastic or cotton? Here's what you need to know: 
Do you have a  problem with perfectionism? Find out in 10 questions:
 
Wonder why your voice always sounds so terrible on recordings? Here's the answer. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
It might be easier to list the foods that added sugar *isn't* hiding in ... 
5 years ago, 184 nations pledged to slash carbon emissions before 2030 — but only 130 nations are on track to meet that goal. 

This is what countries still need to do to avoid climate disaster: 
In today's unpredictable world, we can no longer rely on efficiency. These are the skills we should be building instead: 
"Anyone who is suffering from shame and public humiliation needs to know one thing: You can survive it." — @MonicaLewinsky  
Liberato Kani is part of a group of musicians making music in Quechua, his indigenous language, to preserve their culture and evolve it into the future. 
Listen to Far Flung on Apple Podcasts: 
Made possible with the support of @Marriott. 
You don't need to travel to get away from it all.  Here's how to make sure you come back from your break feeling refreshed: 
Sometimes the best way to be there for someone else is by giving them space. Here's why: 
Here are the 3 main ways that magma escapes the earth's crust: 
Here's why some chimps will refuse special treatment — like getting a treat! — if they see their friends aren't receiving it too: 
When you're grieving a loved one, creating a ritual can help you keep their memory alive — and heal. Here's how: 
This is why you’re so sure you’re right —  even when you’re wrong.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
What have you been keeping silent about? Here's a 3-step exercise to help you start processing difficult experiences: 
Seasonal Affective Disorder disrupts your body's natural rhythms. Here's how — and what to do about it: 
It's an all-too familiar story: A white person calls the police on a Black person for walking to work, enjoying the outdoors or just "living while Black". Here's how we can change the narrative.

Watch @Baratunde Thurston's full talk here:  
Working from home taking a toll on your back and neck? This is how you *should* be sitting: 
3/ PPS: In case you missed it, the Mexico City episode of our show was featured in @SpotifyPodcasts Stories That Defined 2020. Check it out here: 
2/ PS: If you’re wondering, Far Flung with Saleem Reshamwala is the new name for our podcast Pindrop! It’s the same great show, it’ll just look a little different on your feed.
1/ What does it take to create a real utopia? Journey to North Carolina where we explore Soul City, a short-lived Black community with a fascinating history. Listen on Far Flung with Saleem Reshamwala on @spotifypodcasts:  
"Real success is developing champions in life for our world, win or lose." —  @OfficialMissVal

Watch Valarie Kondos Field's full talk here:  
You asked for inspirational reads — and now we're delivering!

This big list (featuring 10 different genres!) can help you recharge and refresh: 
Here's why values — not geography — will shape future world alliances: 
It's a myth that people with dyslexia see letters or words backwards — here's what they actually see: 
How to stop that critical voice inside your head — you know the one: 
Books have the power to guide us when we feel the most lost. 

Watch Lisa Bu's full TED Talk here:  
Plus, how you can prevent it from happening in the first place: 
"Ridiculous ideas are OK. The key is to keep them flowing." 
For people living with bipolar disorder, life is split between two different realities — elation and depression. 
Have you lost someone you love? Are you supporting a friend who's  mourning? Here's the messy truth about grief. 

Watch the full TED Talk from Nora McInerny (@noraborealis) here:  
Want more intimacy and sexual satisfaction in your relationship? Turns out, it has nothing to do with the sex — it's about what happens *after*: 
Here's how artificial intelligence designers are taking cues from neuroscience to build machines that learn more like humans: 
"Only one thing distinguishes the names that you know from the names that you don't know ..."

Watch Dr. Kimberlé Crenshaw's (@sandylocks) talk on the importance of intersectionality here:  
Here's how telescopes have evolved over hundreds of years to help us see supernovas, galaxies and dying stars up close: 
These 3 tips from a debate champion can help you find common ground in difficult conversations. Hear more on this episode of TED Business. 

Listen on @spotifypodcasts:  
Congratulations @GitanjaliaRao! The 15-year-old was named @Time's first “kid of the year” for her inventions, like an AI app to detect cyberbullying and a device that identifies lead in water. Watch her 2019 TED Talk to learn more: 
That's a really good question ... 🤔 
Failures and lousy ideas are not your enemies — they're crucial steps on your path to doing work that you can be proud of: 
The science behind why your favorite 🍪🍪🍪 spread and turn a perfect caramel color in the oven 😋 
"I served in the Air Force for almost 23 years before I learned that if I don’t fill my own cup, I can’t fill someone else’s." — Chief Master Sgt. of the US Air Force JoAnne S. Bass (@cmsaf_official) 
"Some people can't take the tough conversations, but it's time for tough conversations." — Starbucks COO Rosalind G. Brewer  
 
"I encourage you all to recognize that disability is a family you can join at any point in your life." — @JudithHeumann, who helped pass the Americans with Disabilities Act #IDPWD 
This Deaf artist is on a mission to show how sound can be felt, seen and experienced as an idea. 

Watch Christine Sun Kim's full TED Talk here:  
Did you even *know* you had a third eyelid?!? 
The US has an abundance of food — so why are people still going to sleep hungry? Here's what we're missing: 
Getting clarity on what your partner *actually* contributes can help you cut through feelings of inequality — and divvy up tasks fairly: 
Here’s how this circus performer teaches her students about trust and safety up in the air — and in their everyday lives: 
“Basic income is not a favor but a right,  and its proponents have spanned the spectrum from the left to the right.” — @rcbregman

Watch Rutger Bregman's full TED Talk to learn about the case for basic universal income:  
Why it's up to all of us to speak up about hate and discrimination: 
The mysterious monolith has appeared on the TED stage. 
Here's how one scientist is using animation to help people visualize how HIV affects the body:   #WorldAIDSDay
On this day 65 years ago, Rosa Parks was arrested for refusing to move to the back of a segregated bus in Montgomery, Alabama. 

Here's what you don't know about her story: 
Could we rid the world of HIV — even if we don't cure it?  #WorldAIDSDay
The internet is kind of amazing, if you think about it. Here's how it actually works: 
Whether it's about your family, your health or your identity, we all have things we haven't shared with coworkers. 

Here are 3 tips for talking about stuff that's important but uncomfortable: 
After years of floods, landslides and other disasters brought on by climate change, this community decided that enough was enough. Here's how they came together to rebuild the 🌳🌳🌳: 
Good news: You can stop spending hours reading product reviews online! #CyberMonday 
How can you step into your joy today — and how can you let it transform your relationship with those around you?

Watch lawyer and activist @ValarieKaur's talk on the revolutionary power of leading with love here:  #MotivationMonday 
Here's how to approach your relationship conflicts with positivity: 
Here's what the most effective arguments all have in common: 
Instead of using words like "left" and "right", one Indigenous group only uses cardinal directions. Unsurprisingly, they rarely get lost: 
These are the long-term benefits of regular exercise for your brain. 

Watch Wendy Suzuki's full TED Talk here:  
Step back, slow down and appreciate the bigger picture: 
Online businesses should work with — not against — their local communities: 
Here's what one woman learned from going a year without buying anything (except food): 
A fascinating, creepy video tour of abandoned shopping malls: 
Is a gift *actually* a gift if it comes with obligations? 
This holiday season, don't get tricked into spending more money than you need to: 
#BlackFriday shopping? Here's why you might want to think twice about those “free” online returns. 

Watch Aparna Mehta's full TED Talk here:  
Is it time for a digestion reset? These are the foods you should eat: 
Tribal attorney Tara Houska (@zhaabowekwe) explains the systemic problems faced by Native communities — and ways that others can support them. Watch her full talk here: 

#NativeAmericanHeritageMonth 
Do you have a positive or negative mindset? Here's why Seattle @Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson (@DangeRussWilson) shares how staying neutral has helped him — on the field and off: 
Another reason to get all your 💤 

Staying awake can cause you serious bodily harm! 
Fun animations that will entertain those in the back seat — and educate them along the way: 
When it comes to vaccines, we don't have a misinformation problem — we actually have a trust problem. 
If you're traveling this holiday season, WEAR 👏 YOUR 👏 MASK 👏

Watch Raymond Wang's full talk on how germs spread on planes here:  
"The end of my anti-gay picketing career and life as I knew it came 20 years later, triggered in part by strangers on Twitter who showed me the power of engaging the other." — @meganphelps

Watch Megan Phelps Roper's full TED Talk here:  
If you find yourself obsessing about your job after hours, this one's for you: 
Having a fever can be uncomfortable and scary — but it's actually helping your body fight infection: 
These are the real, rich, and complex stories of parenthood that don't get talked about enough: 
While there is no way to make air travel 100% safe, there are ways you can make it safer: 
Mentorship has traditionally been viewed as senior career professionals advising more junior staff. Here's why companies should consider flipping this dynamic: 
Investors can be broken down into 2 groups: Those who think they can beat the market — and those who don't. Here's what that means: 
Start the week knowing this: You are beautiful inside and out. Spread the word! 

Watch poet Shane @Koyczan deliver his beautiful and funny spoken word poem here:  

#MondayMotivation 
This holiday season, take a little time to think about the people who grew the food on your table. 
"A truly successful life is the one which is spent in the pursuit of becoming the best possible version of yourself when you take that last breath."

Watch Bhakti Sharma's full TED Talk here:  
Yes, it's possible to feel abandoned and alone — even when you're still sleeping in the same bed or raising kids together: 
 
Send this to your friend who always corrects your grammar.  
If you're alive, you  will face adversity in your life. These simple strategies can help you get perspective, focus on what's important and take back control: 
"Romantic love is an addiction — a perfectly wonderful addiction when it's going well and a perfectly horrible addiction when it's going poorly." 

Watch Helen Fisher's full TED Talk here:  
Civility helps us disagree with others — but it doesn't mean being polite, respectful or nice. 
As COVID-19 numbers spike again in the US and much of the world, it's more important than ever to stop the spread. Here's how to keep you and your loved ones safe: 
🍞, 🍚 and🥤fans — here's what you need to know: 
Who is 😴  more soundly? Those with a bed partner — or those who sleep solo? 
Here's what inspired this woman to volunteer to be part of a human challenge trial for a COVID-19 vaccine: 
In tough times, being grateful for what you have can help keep you going. Here are 5 exercises to flex your gratitude muscles: 
Repairing human tissues with 🍏🥕🥒 ?!? One day, it might be possible! 
While steroids are an amazing medicine, their recreational use can have seriously damaging effects on your body: 
Many factors are at play in shattering athletic records — and the development of our natural talents is just one of them. 

Watch David Epstein's full TED Talk here:  
Here's how you can squash your inner self-saboteur: 
.@SuleikaJaouad survived cancer, but her real struggle began after she left the hospital. Here's why she says the myth of the "heroic" and "inspiring" survivor is so dangerous.

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
It's not just a trendy health food! Here's how adaptable, easy-to-grow crops like quinoa could solve global food insecurity: 
Which method protects better against harmful viruses? Well, it actually depends on the virus ... 
"Americans have become accustomed to their place at the top of every pecking order. So the very idea of another country that could be as big and strong as the US — or bigger — strikes many Americans as an assault on who they are." — @GrahamTAllison 
Why is this actor wearing half a dress and half a suit in their talk? To show just how much you can learn about yourself and each other when you play with gender: 
Throwing yourself into work or a relationship or self-improvement will never make you feel like you're enough. Here's what will: 
We can't be afraid to talk about race, especially in the workplace. 

Watch @MellodyHobson's full talk here:  
Providing equal access to COVID-19 vaccines will be the best way to crush the pandemic. Here's how we do it: 
NEW EPISODE 🎧

Here’s something you’ve probably never asked yourself: how do we communicate with astronauts in space from Earth? Hear all about the wonders of interstellar communication in this episode of @20korg. 

Listen now on @Stitcher:  
This riddle has been called the hardest logic puzzle *ever* — can you solve it? 
Here's what happens in your brain when you smoke weed: 
Go ahead and 😭 if you need to! Here's why it's good for your physical and mental well-being: 
Here's how family, friends — and even strangers — rewire your brain, bit by bit, every day: 
For Dolly Parton's America, @Radiolab host @JadAbumrad interviewed the country legend 12 times. Here's how she changed his outlook on storytelling: 
Here's how understanding each other's aspirations and boundaries can help you *and* your partner be successful: 
 
Your key to living a more blissful and joyful life? Saying "thank you".  
Calling all readers! We are putting together a book list — and we’d love to know: What kind of 📚 are you in the mood for right now? 

(PS: If you crave something else, let us know!)
"My mom was misinformed and misled by sources that convinced her that if she was a loving parent, she wouldn't vaccinate."

Watch Ethan Lindenberger's full TED Talk here:  
"Think of change as a tree. It doesn't grow from the top down. So we shouldn't be waiting for somebody to tell us what to do." — feminist activist and author @GloriaSteinem 
"What makes a successful person is not being fearless, but pushing through the things that scare you the most." — Kesha

Watch @KeshaRose's uplifting performance of "Shadow" from this year's #TEDWomen here: 
"India should not have to sacrifice development for breathable air. There is a better way." — clean energy executive, physicist and author Varun Sivaram (@vsiv) 
 
How do you approach your fears? Daniel Kish — who has been blind since he was 13 months old — learned early on from his parents that love is the opposite of fear.

Watch his full talk on fear, freedom and navigating the world with sound:  #MotivationMonday 
Ask yourself this the next time you’re preparing to talk in front of a group — even on Zoom: 
This elusive species of tiny sloths has been marooned on a remote Caribbean Island for 9,000 years! Join the trip to find them: 
There are actually hundreds of coronaviruses, but only 7 infect humans. Here's what makes this one so different: 
"The era of menstrual taboos is over."

Watch @DrJenGunter's full TED Talk here:  
Consider this your reminder to go drink some water ... 
As humanity grows and potentially spreads to other solar systems, we'll need a lot more energy to travel there. This futuristic tech could help: 
Let go of the story you've been telling yourself about your life. 

Watch @LoriGottlieb1's full TED Talk here:  
Don't let life slip by  while you wait for the "right" time" to use your nice things: 
"Many argue that by giving these people a platform, you're doing more harm than good... Yet tuning out opposing viewpoints doesn't make them go away, because millions of people agree with them." 
Gentle reminder: We are living through a global pandemic. Here's why you should stop worrying about being productive — and allow yourself to rest, from author Nora McInerny (@noraborealis) 
Here's how this fast-growing demographic could shape politics in the US for decades to come: 
"We are the roots of change."

Watch @GloriaSteinem and @PatMitchell's conversation on her iconic career, feminism and what it really takes to make a difference here:  
Settle in for this classic Brothers Grimm story that's all about the dangers of greed ... 
 
If you could get rid of one annoying sound forever, what would it be? Maybe it’s honking or the sound of your neighbor's lawnmower. On @20korg we journey through the sounds we can’t stand in search of a sonic utopia.

Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Normally, the process takes an average of 15 to 20 years. But during a pandemic, researchers use different strategies to create a vaccine as quickly as possible. Learn how: 
#ICYMI: Watch Svietlana @Tsihanouskaya's talk from this year's #TEDWomen conference here:  
"Being fearless is a commitment. It is a decision you make every single day." — Belarusian politician Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya (@Tsihanouskaya) #TEDWomen 
Speaking a new language can be way easier — if you can get over these 2 insecurities: 
"All comfort has done is maintain the status quo. So we've got to get comfortable with being uncomfortable by speaking these hard truths when they're necessary." —  @Luvvie Ajayi Jones

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
What are you prepared to do today to create a better, more equal future? 

Watch Mayor @MichaelDTubbs's full TED Talk here:  
For millions of people, past trauma lingers, causing symptoms like flashbacks, nightmares and negative thoughts that interfere with everyday life: 
Yes, there is a better way to interview and screen job candidates — and it can help reveal hidden potential and talent: 
Here's how art therapy is helping US veterans with traumatic brain injuries heal:  #VeteransDay
Saving our planet isn't at odds with running a successful  business. Here's how we can reimagine capitalism — and save the climate: 
Here's what happened when a Theranos lab tech spoke out against the company, ultimately helping to bring it down: 
If trees could talk — what would they tell humanity? Author @Elif_Safak explores this question in this poetic talk about protecting our world: 
When they arrived in the Americas in the 1500s, bananas looked nothing like they do in supermarkets today. Here's why: 
— How much do asymptomatic people contribute to transmission? 

— Why are some people less susceptible than others? 

— How long does immunity last after a person is infected?

These and more of your COVID-19 questions, answered: 
Here's why you should try to be vulnerable online — even if it's scary. 

Watch @JonnySun's full TED Talk here:  
It's normal to commiserate with friends — but when it's the *only* topic of conversation, it can be dangerous for your mental health. Here's why: 
We are deeply saddened by the passing of Rabbi Lord Jonathan Sacks. His 2017 TED Talk about how humanity can begin to come together has been viewed nearly 2 million times. Watch it here: 
Developing countries are the victims — and not the perpetrators — of climate change. In our race to decarbonize, here's why we shouldn't leave them behind. 
Governments have 3 main options in the face of a pandemic:

1) Race through it; 

2) Delay and vaccinate; 

3) Coordinate and crush 
There's actually an exact temperature that humans sleep most soundly at. Is your room too cold — or too hot? 
Did you know that man's best friend was once seen as one of humanity's biggest rivals? 
To start *and* keep an exercise habit, embrace the power of "better than nothing." Here's what that means: 
Let these eye-popping color games shift your perspective: 
There are no "bad" emotions. Here's how to stop avoiding — and judging yourself for — anger, sadness and other unwanted feelings:

Watch Susan David's full TED Talk here:  
After an attempt on her life, here's how Gabby Giffords's and husband Mark Kelly's lives both changed: 
Here's a simple tool to prevent you from blowing up at your kids, friends, partner, coworkers, that person in the store, the world ... 
"No matter how meticulously we plan our lives, there are always plot twists — and it’s often in uncertainty where the seeds of growth are planted." — therapist @LoriGottlieb1 
Math nerds — and cat lovers! — this tough riddle is for you: 
Let her story inspire you to bravely move forward — even if you don't know what will happen tomorrow: 
Good news: You don't have to clear your mind or control your thoughts to practice mindfulness.

Watch the full talk from @andypuddicombe (of @Headspace) to learn about the benefits of taking just 10 minutes a day to meditate:  
How do we recover from grief and trauma? By living with bravery — not fear: 
5 ways to "recalculate" and keep moving forward when life doesn't go the way you  plan: 
Skip that last cup of coffee — your future self will thank you for it! 
"Once you know what you want, understand why you want it. Make sure you want it because there's something not that you should do but something you must do."

Watch Stacey Abrams' full TED Talk here:  
Don't be weighed down by fear and anxiety. Here's how to prepare yourself for them instead: 
This small country has a government official with a one-of-a-kind job — to protect future generations. Here's what that looks like: 
Stressful week? Yoga can help!

Here's the science: 
It's more than OK to feel angry right now — here's how you can channel your rage in a beautiful and powerful way: 
You may think you don't have the right experience, degree or background to get your dream job — but you do! Here's how to reframe your story: 
This photographer uses a special technique to reveal how a scene changes from day to night — all in a single image! 
Can't seem to calm down? This simple trick focuses your senses and helps cut through anxiety — and it only takes a few seconds. 

Learn how it works here:  
Please take a moment to unclench your jaw, drop your shoulders — and check in with your present self: 
Are plant-based milks like oat, almond and soy *really* healthier? 
This is how and where poet Sarah Kay (@kaysarahsera) finds inspiration — even when she feels like she has nothing to contribute: 
Not only are these luminous deep sea-dwellers pretty to look at — but they  also play a key role in keeping CO2 out of our atmosphere: 
Need a break from the news? Here are 3 tips for self-care when you're feeling overwhelmed. 

Watch the TED Talk from @GuyWinch on practicing emotional first-aid here:  
That's a wrap — thanks for tuning in! We hope these cool sea creatures brought some joy to your day. Extra special thanks to our friends at Monterey Bay Aquarium (@MontereyAq) for letting us spend time with their wonderful 🐠! (Re)watch here 👇 
How did the United States land on the title "president" for the highest office in the land? Well, it's a funny story ... 
Get ready to vibe with the out-of-this-world gorgeous🌙  jellies — Coming up next!
#ICYMI: If you’re feeling stressed today — we've got you! Tune in &amp; watch the beautiful creatures of Monterey Bay Aquarium (@MontereyAq) live until 5pm ET / 2pm PT! PS — All 5 hours of serene sea life will be available on demand when the livestream ends: 
Take a dive and swim with the 🦈 — up next! You won't get bit, we promise.
@tsrgeo Sorry to hear the stream is not displaying properly. We recommend refreshing your browser!
🌾 This serene underwater greenery will give you all the feels! Stay tune for the flowy kelp forrest starting in just a few moments. 🌾
@gentlemanwalkin When the stream is over, the video will be available on demand — so you can watch any time! Enjoy!
PS — Looking for more ways to unwind? Check out these TED Talks on how to de-stress: 
Thanks again to our friends at Monterey Bay Aquarium (@MontereyAq) partnering with us for today. Sit back, relax and enjoy the 🐠🦐🦈!
Don't miss out on your favorite 🌊 creatures! Here's today's schedule:

12pm ET / 9am PT: Jellyfish
1pm ET / 10am PT: Open Sea Cam
2pm ET / 11am PT: Kelp Forest
3pm ET / 12pm PT: Sharks
4pm ET / 1pm PT: Moon Jellies
Fish swim in an organized swarm to evade hungry predators — but no one fish takes the lead. They're all in change: 
Feeling stressed? We've got you! We're LIVE with the sea creatures of Monterey Bay Aquarium (@MontereyAq). 🐠🌊🦈🐟 Streaming today from 12pm ET / 9am PT to 5pm ET / 2pm PT.

PS — Looking for more ways to unwind? Check out these TED Talks:  
#ICYMI: We'll be going live at 12pm ET / 9am PT today! If you're unable to tune in live, you'll still be able to watch all of the amazing 🐠🦐🦈 creatures from @MontereyAq on demand here on our Twitter page! "Sea" you soon! 
How to move past polarization and build bridges in a divided world: 
🐟 🌊Take a break under the sea! Tomorrow (11/3), we're teaming up with our friends at Monterey Bay Aquarium (@MontereyAq) for a 5-hour sea life spectacular, featuring jellyfish, sharks and more! Streaming live on our profile starting at 12 pm ET / 9am PT! 🐠🦈 
"It turns out that one of the main safeguards of US democracy is not in the Constitution at all. It's not in the law at all. It's actually just a little tradition."

Watch @VanJones68's full TED Talk here:  
"Voting is not a divisive act; it’s actually one of the most generous and unifying things you can offer to the people around you." — artist Micah Vetter 
In the US, the presidential candidate to achieve 270 electoral votes wins. Here's what that actually means: 
Conversations with people on Twitter helped Megan Phelps-Roper (@meganphelps) decide to leave the Westboro Baptist Church. Here are her 3 tips for having more thoughtful discussions about the issues that divide us. 

Watch her full talk here:  
Here's how we can talk about each other's differences with respect and kindness: 
Lab-grown meat could rival farm-raised meat in the future — and potentially help the environment. Would you try it? #WorldVeganDay 
We're all more biased than we think — here's how to start seeing the the world more accurately: 
Do we have the technology that we need to totally replace fossil fuels? Almost. 

Here's what it will take to decarbonize all of the world's power: 
The overwhelming majority of @NYTimes obituaries have one word in common — here's what makes for a life worth remembering: 
Crows have been observed holding silent vigils and leaving candy wrappers for their dead friends — and even having sex on top of them. 
Occasionally, even people born without a limb still feel its presence. Learn about this mysterious scientific phenomenon: 
"We need disagreement. Creativity and human progress depend on it." 
Calling all math nerds — can you figure out this spooky werewolf mystery? 
With misinformation and deep fakes, we can’t always trust our eyes and ears to tell us what’s true. In this episode of @TEDRadioHour , we explore the relationship between technology and deception, and how it impacts the world around us.  
⚠️ Warning ⚠️

This talk contains nightmare fuel. 😨

Watch Ed Yong's full TED Talk on zombie bugs and other parasites here:  
"I invite each of you to ask yourself: What is the future you want? And what are you doing to make that future a reality?"  — climate leader Christiana Figueres (@CFigueres) 
Could venom — yes, venom! — be used to save lives? Here's how it could be used as a treatment for cancer, pain and even high blood pressure: 
How do we experience sound? From tiny receptors in your ear to the way you're taught to communicate, there's a lot you may not have noticed about sound...and silence. 
 
Listen to @20korg on @ApplePodcasts to hear more:  
People who lie tend to use these 4 speech patterns. Here's how to spot them: 
Only 7% of the world's leaders are women — and their countries have generally fared better during the pandemic. Here's what they did differently: 
"Democracies are fragile. Democracies can fail. And what citizens do or fail to do in a moment of crisis can determine the final fate of government of, by and for the people." — @VanJones68 
For artist @daniellismore, dressing up in elaborate costumes is for every day — not just Halloween. 

He's on a mission to inspire others to find the confidence to be who they truly are. Watch his full TED Talk here:  
This is how to talk to people you *really* don't agree with. 

Watch the full TED Talk from @DylanMarron here:  
Did you know: Only 6% of the population was allowed to vote in the first US presidential election? Here's how far voting rights have come — and how far they still need to go: 
Here's why we need to start embracing our feelings of grief and sorrow: 
Feeling overwhelmed these days? Us too. That's why we're so excited to have TED speaker @AnjaliKumar and actor @Aasif Mandvi LIVE on our @Instagram channel tomorrow at 12pm ET / 9am PT. They'll be exploring the idea of comedy as resilience. Tune in:  
Feel like you need a vacation from ... everything? We feel you. Here's how to get away without going anywhere: 
"In the insane world we live in right now, we need political cartoons more than ever." — editorial cartoonist @PatChappatte 
Can playing fantasy games make you a better person in real life? This writer says yes: 
3 strategies to help you manage your anxiety: 
To find out if your district is gerrymandered, ask:
- How wide does your district stretch across the state? 
- Are all of the districts in your state  roughly the same shape? 
- How many other districts does your district touch? 
If we're going to survive the next big disaster, here's how we need to rethink how we grow and distribute food: 
8 talks to help you better understand all the messages that your body is sending you: 
Should the next generation of vaccines be ... mutants? Here's why adaptable treatments could be the key to stopping the world's deadliest diseases: 
Why do we so often fall for conspiracies? Because it's only human for us to see patterns in almost everything: 
Here's how humans could live and work on the Moon — without bringing all of Earth's problems with us: 
5 essential principles for how to lead during a crisis: 
What could happen in the US when a presidential candidate loses the election — but refuses to concede? The frightening answer: A constitutional crisis. 

Watch Van Jones' (@VanJones68) full TED Talk here:  
The creepiest professions? Survey says:
🤡  Clown
🦌 Taxidermist
🍆  Sex-shop owner
⚰️  Funeral director. 

The least creepy?
🌦 Meteorologist 
"I've tried to rise above it, I've tried to get in the trenches, but mostly I would scroll through these social media platforms with one eye partially closed, trying not to see it." — @AshleyJudd 
"Climate change is no longer a prediction. It is here, and it happened far faster than even the experts predicted." — Severn Cullis-Suzuki (@SevernSuzuki)

Watch her full talk from @TEDCountdown here:  
What's the difference between a passionate, tight-knit group... and a cult? 
We're living in a time of immense change and uncertainty. Here's how to stay grounded: 
Here's how to set and, more importantly, maintain new habits and rules in your relationship: 
"We read to get lost, to forget the hard times we're living in, and we read to remember those who came before us, who lived through something harder." — National Book Award winner @JackieWoodson

Watch her full talk here:  
After water, tea is the 2nd most consumed beverage in the world. Here's how it took over the globe: 
@MsPackyetti Congrats on an amazing milestone! 🙌
Here's how to talk to anyone, anywhere:

The second season of our podcast Sincerely, X is available free, anywhere you get your podcasts! Join host @kaysarahsera as she explores the secret lives of anonymous strangers.   
When future generations look back on us and the actions that we did — and didn't — take, what do you think they'll say about us? 
This is how to have an open, empowering conversation with your kids about abuse:  #DVAM
Happy #MoleDay! Not molé, the sauce — although maybe that should have its own day too. 
Here's how to improve your health and reset your body clock — just by changing your meal times: 
Stop trying to predict the future — and focus instead on what you can control in this moment: 
Mutant zombies are chasing you! 🧟 🧟 🧟 

Can you and your friends safely cross a rickety old bridge and escape them in time? 
How can we be better ancestors for future generations? Philosopher @RomanKrznaric has a few ideas. 

Watch his full talk here:  
The median wealth of  white families in the US is $171,000 — but just $17,000 for Black families. Here are 4 critical actions we must take to fix this: 
What do most movie deaths have in common? A simple four-note melody you’ve probably never heard of. Hear the secret to emotional on-screen deaths on @20KHertz. 

Find it on @Castbox_fm or wherever you listen:  
Studies suggest that almost 1/3 of us will experience at least one panic attack in our lives. 
This non-addictive therapy could help reduce the cravings and anxiety brought on by drug use and relapse: 
"For me, it's always come down to restoring people to the center of the discussion of solutions and restoring representation for the communities most impacted by climate change at the table of solution-making." 
Here are 15 great tips for making video meetings more accessible — and productive! — for everyone: 
How did a subculture with a taste for horror and gloomy music get its name? Let's go back to ancient Rome ... 
Looking out for the health and welfare of employees, customers — and the planet — isn't just the right thing to do. It's good business: 
7 talks that show the amazing power of speaking up and speaking out:  #DVAM
These pieces — created by members of the @TEDFellow community for @TEDCountdown — show that the devastating affects of climate change on our planet aren't in a far off future — they're already here: 
These dolphins play video games and request belly rubs via keyboard ... for science, of course! 
Here's how successful freelancers:

- Set themselves apart;
- Build a sustainable business model;
- Ask for what they're *really* worth: 
Saving our planet isn't at odds with good business. 

Here's how we can reimagine capitalism *and* save the climate at the same time:  
Can we feed our growing global  population by farming the same amount of land — but do it with less water, fewer  greenhouse gas emissions *and* a restoration of biodiversity? Here's how: 
Here's how the world's 2nd largest retailer has put itself on the path to net-zero by emissions by 2040: 
"Severing anger from femininity means we sever girls and women from the emotion that best protects us from injustice." 
This woman read 196 books in one year — one from each country — and these are her favorites: 
Did you know 2% of the population has narcissistic personality disorder? Here's are some of its most common traits: 
Nope, the answer isn't in the US Constitution or the Declaration of Independence ... (Hint: It has to do with horses) 
"Even if climate change stopped right now, the protection and rebuilding of earth's biodiversity would still be a top priority because it underpins all life on earth." 
Here's what people *actually* need to lift themselves out of extreme poverty:  #EndPoverty
In this truly one-of-a-kind Talk, mega-producer @MarkRonson samples 15 — 15! — different TED Talks and mixes them into an unforgettable audiovisual jam: 
Deciding by majority vote seems like the best way to make decisions, right? Here's why many voting systems are actually inherently unfair: 
Sound is all around us, but how we hear it can be totally different for each of us. In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour , join TED speakers like @d_llas from @20korg as they explore the science of sound.  Listen on @ApplePodcasts :  
Russian folklore comes to vibrant life in these fantastical photo portraits: 
"Climate change is no longer a prediction. It is here, and it happened far faster than even the experts predicted." —environmental educator Severn Cullis-Suzuki (@SevernSuzuki) 
NEW EPISODE 🎧 

What does it mean to have perfect pitch? In this episode of @20korg we explore the brain science behind this unique talent. 

Listen now on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts:  
Bail is used in the US to incentivize people to return for their court dates — but that's not what it's doing ... 
 
"Should I tell my boss about my side hustle?" and your other burning questions, answered: 
"What happens in the next 10 years will likely determine the state of the planet we hand over for future generations." — climate impact scholar Johan Rockström (@jrockstrom) 
Learn how JFK's Moonshot inspired Prince William (@KensingtonRoyal) to create the @EarthshotPrize, which will award millions in pounds to the very best environmental solutions every year for the next 10 years: 
People of color are far more likely to suffer the effects of climate change. Here's how we can build a movement that protects the planet and *all* of its people. 

Watch MP @DavidLammy's full TED Talk here:  
Here are the 3 keys to being an active listener — and how you can practice them in your next conversation: 
"Solving climate change will help solve a host of other problems. Ignoring it will only precipitate them." — Ursula @vonderleyen, president of the EU Commission 
 
Fascinating fact: A pregnant woman’s blood volume increases by 50% or more — but it only has 25% more red blood cells. 
"Those with the least ability are often the most likely to overrate their skills to the greatest extent." 
Trust us: You've never seen your cells up close like this before: 
99% of this advice works in Zoom conversations, too: 
"Now is the time for the Black and climate movements to come together unequivocally and say, 'We can't breathe.'"— British MP @DavidLammy

Watch the full talk here: 
#1: Pay attention to your rituals and routines.

#2: Manage your pace, place and space.

#3: Rein in your Zoom meetings. 
Cities around the world are electrifying transport — and returning the streets to walkers and bikers (hooray!). Inside this global shift: 
Columbus didn't discover America *and* he wasn't even the first European there. Here's the truth: 
Tribal attorney Tara Houska (@zhaabowekwe) explains the systemic problems faced by Native communities — and ways that others can support them. 

Watch her full talk here:  #IndigenousPeoplesDay 
Have you ever had someone tell you that you're "left" or "right brained"? Here's why there's really no such thing: 
Talking about politics is practically unavoidable these days — so here are 4 rules to help you do it better: 
 
Now that you've watched the @TEDCountdown global launch, you're probably wondering what you can do to #JoinTheCountdown, right? Don't worry, we've got you! Check out @CountUsInSOCIAL to learn about the 16 actions you can take starting today:  
"I invite each of you to ask yourself: What is the future you want? And what are you doing to make that future a reality?" — @CFigueres

Watch Christiana Figueres's full talk from yesterday's @TEDCountdown Global Launch here:  
#ICYMI 👇 
To prevent irreversible climate change, we need to harness the same "spirit of ingenuity" that put a person on the moon, says Prince William (@KensingtonRoyal).  

Watch his full TED talk from the @TEDCountdown global launch event here:  #JoinTheCountdown 
To make the switch on a 🌎 scale, renewables need to be more efficient, affordable *and* accessible. Here's how we can do that: 
And we, Prajakta, are fans OF YOU! 😍 (@iamMostlySane)

The Countdown Launch Event is still going strong! Join us here:  
The oceans are rising, and so are we! #JoinTheCountdown

LIVESTREAM @TEDCountdown NOW on our @YouTube channel: 
Stand up for what you stand on 🌎 #JoinTheCountdown STREAMING NOW on our @YouTube channel:   @TEDCountdown
Sounds like a great 🎸🥁 🎷 name to us @DonCheadle and @MarkRuffalo! What do you think @CFigueres? 

#JoinTheCountdown at our livestream here:  
In the near future, lab-grown meat could rival farm raised meat. Before you get too excited — or too disgusted — here's what you should know about it: 
Raise your voice, not the sea level. #JoinTheCountdown and let’s reduce greenhouse gas emissions together. STREAM @TEDCountdown NOW on our @YouTube channel: 
So exciting! Make sure you tune in 👇 #JoinTheCountdown 
Let's do this 🌎! Tune in at 11AM ET on @YouTube:  #JoinTheCountdown 
Oceans cover 70% of our planet, so ocean change = planetary change — and it all starts with the microbes that live there: 
The term "cynic" originally meant someone who lived closely with nature and rejected conformity. Take this quick trip back to ancient Greece — and learn how cynics became the skeptics and seen-it-alls that we know today: 
Climate justice isn't only about protecting the Earth — it's about protecting the people who live here, too. Christiana Figueres says addressing inequality is integral to fighting climate change.

Hear more from @CFigueres tomorrow during @TEDCountdown:  
Farmers are rediscovering this excellent pest-control solution that was first used over 600 years ago: Ducks! 🦆 (Yes, really!) 
Yes, we could cut carbon emissions in half by 2030 *and* create millions of jobs in the process. Here's former VP @algore on what we need to do to make that happen: 
We *can* change climate change — together. So, let’s get to work! Tomorrow, 44 speakers, 5 musicians and 5 artists from 20 countries are coming together for @TEDCountdown — a free, global live streaming event on @YouTube! You in? #JoinTheCountdown here:  
In coming years, people just might start to live on the 🌙 ! Here’s how we could do it — without bringing Earth's problems with us: 
The average t-shirt takes 2,700 liters of 💧 to produce! Learn more about the hidden costs of this popular garment: 
And here — for absolutely no reason — are 8 fascinating facts about flies which can be allies in our fight against climate change: 

PS: Tune in on Sat at 11AM ET for @TEDCountdown — our FREE global event on changing climate change:  
Countdown, TED's global climate justice initiative, launches on 10/10. Don't miss the live-stream event, featuring guests like @Ava, @chrishemsworth, @MarkRuffalo and more! Set a reminder to tune in here: 
Tomorrow, in honor of @TEDCountdown's launch, these artworks will be displayed in 5 cities in 3 countries for just 24 hours:  @TEDFellow
How 🥶 is it? It's ...

❄️ 395 million times colder than your refrigerator 

❄️ 100 million times colder than liquid nitrogen

❄️ 4 million times colder than outer space: 
Here are 5 ways to "recalculate" and stay on course during these anxious and upsetting times: 
"We own our emotions; they don't own us." — psychologist @SusanDavid_PhD

Watch her full TED Talk about the healthy way to manage your emotions:  
#ICYMI: TED's FREE global live streaming event @TEDCountdown is this Saturday 10.10.20 at 11AM ET. Here's TED Founder @TEDChris on why you should #JoinTheCountdown and help us change climate change. You in? Go to  to be notified when we go live! 
History break: The surprisingly scandalous story of how the Parthenon was built — complete with bureaucracy, crooked columns and embezzlement! 
Repeat after us: It's OK to ask for help. 
TED speaker Jennifer Doudna, along with collaborator Emmanuelle Charpentier, has been awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for her pioneering work in genome editing!!!! Watch her TED Talk and find out how they developed this amazing tool: 
Does your team have all 3? If not, which are they missing? 
As humans, we turn away from the things we know are threatening our life, our work and our world. Here's how to beat that instinct — and take action: 
Congratulations, TED speaker Andrea Ghez! 🚀 She and 2 other scientists have won the Nobel Prize in Physics for their discovery of the massive black hole at the center of our galaxy! Learn about her groundbreaking work here: 
And if they're supposed to last forever, then how does tattoo removal actually work? 🤔
This computer is the great-great-granny of everything on our phones and laptops — and it was programmed by 6 young women: 
Yes, your phone *can* be good for you. Here's how you can use it to lift yourself up and find calm and connection — even when you're anxious or lonely: 
Need a break? Relax with these gorgeous — and scientifically accurate — watercolor paintings (Bonus: you'll be reconnecting with nature too): 
It's time to stop shaming women for their periods. "The era of menstrual taboos is over," says gynecologist @DrJenGunter.

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
Take a look at this amazing 3D map of Manhattan 400 years ago — before streets and skyscrapers: 
Could saving the world in real life be as simple as it is in video games? 
Not getting enough sleep these days? These tips from sleep scientist Matt Walker (@sleepdiplomat) can help you catch more 😴. 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
Heartbroken otters, parrots with OCD and other animal behaviors can teach us about our own mental health: 
How "fences" of 🐝🐝🐝 can keep elephants — and humans — safe: 
Looking to be more informed about how our climate is changing? Try these these great reads, recommended by climate experts @ayanaeliza and @DrKWilkinson: 
Here's why venomous snakes, spiders and jellyfish aren't a danger to themselves:
 
These talks re-examine— and in some cases re-define — what we know about psychopaths: 
You've probably heard staying present is the key to happiness. Just to be extra sure, this data scientist crunched the numbers: 
Learning to read Chinese can seem like a monumental task — but this talk can get you started with 8 simple-to-learn characters! 
Are schools really the best place to learn? Bestselling author @JohnGreen shares how online videos turned him into a lifelong learner: 
You — yes, you! — can play a meaningful role in solving science’s hardest problems. No advanced degree required! 
Do you love to learn new things? We do too! We've got some big ideas in the works — and we want to hear from you! Check out this survey and let us know what you think: 
It’s time for us to redefine what a good, healthy and attractive body looks like — on our own terms. 
Solar power is way better for the planet than fossil fuels — and won't run out any time soon. So what makes collecting it so hard? 
It takes all of us to save the 🌍! @TEDCountdown is one week away. Join us on 10.10.2020 at 11 AM ET to hear from leaders, scientists and activists on how we can change climate change. Live on  (Choose "Set Reminder" to be notified!) #JoinTheCountdown 
Depression isn't weakness or a personality trait. Here's why we should treat it like any other illness: 
"If you can't see anything beautiful about yourself, get a better mirror, look a little closer, because there's something inside you that made you keep trying despite everyone who told you to quit." — poet Shane @Koyczan #BullyingPreventionMonth 
“Racism wants to stay invisible. Expose it. Racism wants your silence. Make a noise. Racism wants your apathy. Make a commitment now to use your voice and your privilege and your power.” — human rights lawyer @DexterDiasQC 
Take a deep breath and tell yourself: "I'm all right, right now." Here's why knowing that is so powerful: 
— How much do asymptomatic people contribute to transmission? 

— Why are some people less susceptible than others? 

— How long does immunity last after a person is infected?

These and more of your COVID-19 questions, answered: 
You may think of classical music as stuffy, boring or elite — but it's actually magical. Here's why you should listen: 
This plant geneticist's gift to the Earth: Creating 🌱🌱🌱 that could actually slow down climate change! Here's how:  
Yes, what's happening to our climate is scary. But the good news is: There's hope ... and it's all of us. Together. 🌍💪 Join us on 10.10.20 at 11AM ET for @TEDCountdown — a FREE, live streamed global event! Get involved and #JoinTheCountdown:  
Here are 6 steps that can make coming out as an LGBTQ+ person a little bit easier: 
Here's how psychedelics — and a little bit of music — could potentially help treat depression, anxiety, addiction and more: 
6 fantastic reads that can seriously shift your perspective on life, the universe and everything: 
This woman's mother  and brother were murdered during a home break-in. Here's how she came to forgive their killer: 
Here's how the 2 COVID-19 tests detect if you *have* the virus — or if you've already *had* it: 
"I never once thought of myself as a battered wife. Instead, I was a very strong woman in love with a deeply troubled man." — Leslie Morgan Steiner

Watch her powerful TED Talk about domestic violence:  #DVAM 
This is for anyone who's ever thought: "Did that actually happen, or did I just make it up?"
 
Did you know TED has 12 podcasts?! Celebrate #InternationalPodcastDay by giving your ears a gift: 
Understanding how race and racism were invented — yes, invented — can help us begin to dismantle it: 
Why is transformation so energizing in our personal lives — but so exhausting when it comes to our workplaces? 
Believe it or not, plastic actually started out as an environmentally friendly alternative. (Yes, really!) 
“Why should fangirls tone it down? Because they’re crazy? Or because our definition of reasonable is based on what’s acceptable for men to do?”  
By being our best possible messes, we can build greater trust in our professional *and* personal relationships. Isn't that worth striving for? 
Ever wondered why your voice sounds so terrible on recordings? Here's your answer. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Loneliness has become a modern epidemic — but it's also considered an inevitable part of being human. History tells a different story: 
"Whether we like it or not, we already live in a globalized world. We need to stop thinking within national frameworks and start thinking globally." 
Overwhelmed by stress? Adopting this mindset shift can help you power through. 
 
Not sure how to bridge the gap between you and those you care about? Start with these tips: 
New Episode🎧  of @TEDRadioHour! 

This week, @debbiemillman guides us through our relationship with design — from prehistoric cave art to Twitter feeds. Plus, she helps you design your own life along the way. 

Listen here: 
Human evolution is far from over — here are just some of the changes that have happened in the last 3,000 years: 
Only 7% of the world's leaders are women — and their countries have generally fared better during the pandemic. Here's what they did differently: 
Do you freeze up when the stakes are high? Try these 3 tricks: 
The 🌎 needs us! Join us on 10.10.20 at 11AM ET for @TEDCountdown: A FREE, live streamed global event! Hear from leaders, scientists and activists on how we can take bold steps to change how we tackle climate change. Learn more and #JoinTheCountdown:  
If you actually read the terms and conditions for all of your apps, it would  take you around 1.67 days — without sleeping: 

The reason your 🐱 is *so strange* is actually evolution: 
"What worked for our ancestors for thousands of years can work for us now, and in the future, when combined with the latest innovations." 
Having a hard time focusing at work or  setting boundaries? We've got you: 
Here's what exceptional leaders do differently:  #MondayMotivation
Slumped over your dining room table — or worse, your coffee table?!? 😬 Here's how you should *really* sit: 
"Every time you invest in your people, the return is 100 times greater than expenses." —@Chobani CEO @hamdiulukaya

Watch Ulukaya's TED Talk here:  
When it comes to unhealthy relationships and sexual violence among teens, is porn really to blame? Here are the facts:  
Trees have always been an essential part of successful cities. What makes them so crucial to urban living? 
"I truly feel that if all of us took care of the Earth as a practice, as a culture, none of us would have to be full-time climate activists."

Watch @XiyeBastida's full TED Talk here:  
Do you see the big picture, or are you better at 🔎 on the small details? Here's how to get better at *both*: 
Contrary to popular belief, kids *should* play with power tools. 

Want to be a great writer? Focus on improving your skills — not on getting published. 
"The simplest way of safeguarding the future you is to strengthen the future us." — @rabbisacks 
Did you know that human sperm "smell" their way to finding an egg? Inside the fascinating science of your body's olfactory receptors: 
Your biggest struggles can be your path to finding meaning: 
Need a primer on US government? We've got you covered. 
Research shows boys *do* want to read books written for and about girls. It's the stereotypes from adults that stop them: 
Antibiotics are in our meat and produce, soap and medical treatments, and  they're often completely unnecessary. Here's how overuse creates lethal bacteria — and what we can do about it: 
You didn't know there was a right way, did you? 
It's easy to feel lonely these days — whether or not you're alone. These talks can help: 
Today, it's not enough to simply be "not racist"; here's why we should all strive to be anti-racist instead.

Watch Ibram X. Kendi's (@DrIbram) full talk here:  
Flood control, organic veggies, solar power, a park for city dwellers and more — what *can't* this rooftop farm do?!? 
 
Here's how this new technology could make 🚀 travel a whole lot faster — by using lasers! 🤯 
Did you know: Translators at the UN work in pairs to ensure there are no miscommunications? 
Feel like you're you're too old to make a difference in the world? You're wrong — and this scientist did the math to prove it! 
"We cannot have democracies throughout the world unless people participate." - @DoloresHuerta 
Part of the fear around Alzheimer's stems from feeling there's nothing we can do about it. Here's why that's not completely true: 
You've probably seen mussels, oysters and barnacles stuck to piers, rocks and boats. Here's how scientists are using their natural adhesives to make powerful, eco-friendly glues that even work underwater! 
These 10 talks dive deep into some of life's biggest questions: 
Here's why this is one of the most hated birds in all of North America  — by farmers and conservationists alike! 

When someone you love dies, advice and support comes pouring in — but the same can't always be said about losing a pet: 
"We love stories about the past that make us feel comfortable about the present." —  @ProfJeffries 
Not to scare you, but algorithms used by Facebook, Google and other tech companies can detect: 
-Your ethnicity
-Your political views
-Your sexual orientation
-Your religion
-Your face

Here's what that means about your privacy: 

The water we use for drinking, bathing and cooking accounts for only 3.6% of global water consumption. So what's *really* draining the earth of this precious resource? 
Talk about birth control: Some female bedbug species have evolved a new set of genitalia — which can filter out unwanted sperm. 
"If we wait until our generation — Generation Z — is old enough to be in power, it will be far too late to address this crisis." — @Jamie_Margolin
 
What makes working at Netflix different? According to CEO @reedhastings: It starts with a culture of reinvention, honesty and flexibility. 
This giant squid is as tall as a 2-story house! PS: The footage of it grabbing the camera with its huge tentacles at 4:50 is incredible: 
Here's how the hormones triggered by stress affect your skin: 
No, it's not too early to talk about social and environmental justice with the kids in your life. Chances are, they already know what's going on. 
"No one else will save the future for us." 

Watch Luisa Neubauer’s (@Luisamneubauer) full TED Talk here:  
It's more than OK to feel angry these days — but here's how you can channel your rage in a beautiful and powerful way: 
Personality types usually fall into two groups: 

1) Those who prioritize openness and flexibility

2) Those who prefer order and certainty 
Talking about climate change can be ... difficult. But it doesn't have to be. Just remember: Start small and be patient.

Read more tips here:  
Here's how to banish your fear of being wrong: 
David Gruber — the author of this lesson — is on a mission to translate the language of whales and crack the interspecies communication code. Learn more about @projectceti:  @TheAudaciousPrj
Plus, the science behind their infamous sting! 
Wouldn't it be great if we could *grow* clothes and buildings out of living organisms? Turns out ... we can! 
This one's for all the 🤓🤓🤓 out there! 
"The way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep."

Watch Arianna Huffington's (@ariannahuff) full TED Talk here:  
"If you call people names, if you label them, if you insult them, they are not inclined to listen to you." 
"If all of us took care of the Earth as a practice, as a culture, none of us would have to be full-time climate activists." — @xiyebastida #JoinTheCountdown 
Not sure if you should toss, regift, donate or sell those extra things? Here's how to sort it all out: 
When it comes to important decisions, should you trust your head or your gut? 🤔

Here's are some insights from pro poker player @Liv_Boeree: 
To build a better future, we *must* cut greenhouse gas emissions in half by 2030. And we all have a part to play to save our 🌏! Join us on 10.10.20 for @TEDCountdown — a global call to action to change climate change. Learn more and #JoinTheCountdown:  
"Heeeey ...... you!" 
For millions of people, past traumas linger, causing symptoms like flashbacks, nightmares and negative thoughts. Here's why that happens: 
It's awkward to tell you this here, but ... 
So ... who's the real favorite child in your family? Here's why your guess is probably wrong: 
"This better future won't be easy. But the only obstacles are human ones." — journalist @dwallacewells #JoinTheCountdown 
Did you know there is no citizenship requirement to become a Supreme Court justice? In fact, 6 justices have been born outside of the US: 
Here's your reminder to stand up, stretch — or even take a walk! Your body (and brain) will thank you: 

• How important is airborne transmission? 
• How can countries stifle outbreaks without a full lockdown? 

And more questions, answered: 
Our burial practices need an eco-friendly update. Here's a weird, effective solution — made out of mushrooms!

Watch Jae Rhim Lee's full TED Talk here:  
How this writer's childhood as a queer Puerto Rican in the Bronx inspired a whole new kind of superhero: 
Turns out, an abandoned JCPenney is actually *really* creepy ... 
Here's what your dog is trying to tell you when he yawns, wags his tail, pants and more:
 
What if there was a pill that contained *all* of your medications, dosed and personalized just for you? Turns out, it's possible! 
Many people have touted the anxiety-busting qualities of CBD. But does it actually work? Here are the facts: 
🚨 Call the grammar police 🚨 
Today is full of possibilities — and these talks are perfect for shifting your perspective: 
One of the simplest ways to improve your sense of meaning:  Switch your mindset from "me" to "we." 
"The climate crisis has already been solved. We already have all the facts and solutions," says climate activist @GretaThunberg. "All we have to do is to wake up and change."

Take action in the fight against climate change and #JoinTheCountdown:  
"If you believe ... and you want it, and if you want to you work hard enough for it, it can be so." — Kid Cudi (@KidCudi) 
What *couldn't* Marie Curie do?!? Did you know she was the first and only person to win Nobel Prizes in 2 (!) different scientific fields? 
Are you in control of the choices you make? Here's why you have way less control than you think: 
"If a wheelchair user can't play Beyoncé, then Beyoncé can't play a wheelchair user. People with disabilities are the largest minority in the world, and we are the most underrepresented in entertainment."  — comedian @maysoonzayid 
You have *plenty* of time to do the things you want to. Seriously. 
This year, getting a flu shot is more important than ever. Here are 4 of the biggest myths about flu vaccinations: 
 
Why do you love books? 📚

Watch Jacqueline Woodson's (@JackieWoodson) talk on why you should take the time to savor everything you read:  
In honor of #HispanicHeritageMonth, TED partnered with our friends at @TheMujerista to celebrate 10 powerful ideas from Latinx and Hispanic speakers: 
Do you deserve your success — or are you just lucky? 
9 ways to bring more meaning and connection to your Zooms, Google Hangouts, FaceTimes — and everything in between: 
"You and most of the matter in your body are just 2 or 3 degrees of separation from things like pond scum." 
 
Black girls are 7 times more likely than their white peers to be suspended. Here's how schools in the US can do better by these students: 
"Am I going to let the people who called me a 'monster' define me? No, I'm going to let my goals, and my success, and my accomplishments be the things that define me." 
"As long as we stigmatize the poor as somehow passive or lazy but don't give people real means to get out of poverty ... we are in denial of the true causes of poverty." — sociologist Liene Ozoliņa 
Could eating bugs help fight food scarcity — and even climate change? 
Here's what exceptional leaders do differently: 
"There is no need to be an expert nor do anything heroic to include someone. We just need to be there." 
One of the most important tips: Know when you should pack up and log off! 
"Fire season is now 40 to 80 days longer each year. Because of this, climatologists are predicting that the area burned since 2000 will double or triple in the next three decades."

Watch Paul Hessburg's full TED Talk on wildfires here:  
Myth #1: “If I do good work, the client will see it and pay me more in the future.” 
"Biases are the stories we make up about people before we know who they actually are."

Watch the full TED Talk from @VernaMyers here:  
Here's what makes a fake fact *so* easy to believe: 
In the U.S. 10,000 people die every month simply because they can't afford medicine. This bold plan from @Kiahjw and her team at @SIRUM will get life-saving drugs to the people who need them most:  @TheAudaciousPrj
Could the "fountain of youth" actually be inside all of us? 
Yes, it's important to ask for help when you need it — but *how* you ask is just as important: 
With an increase in intense wildfires, hurricanes and other natural disasters, it's easy to feel overwhelmed and helpless. Here's how you can cope — and act: 
And will cracking them really give you arthritis? 🤔 
#ICYMI: Join us on 10.10.20 for @TEDCountdown: A FREE live streamed global event to fight climate change! Featuring: @MarkRuffalo, @CFigueres, @Jaden, @thisissigrid and more. Learn more and #JoinTheCountdown:  
From slowing the effects of climate change to improving your health, there are lots of great reasons to try a #MeatlessMonday. Here are 7 tips for convincing the carnivores in your life to join you:  #JoinTheCountdown
Teaching students to think for themselves should be a part of every school’s curriculum.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Tristan Harris (@tristanharris) — former design ethicist at Google — is one of the subjects of The Social Dilemma, a new Netflix documentary. Watch his TED Talk on how social media companies are fighting for more of your time and attention: 
"If we want to do something about extreme inequality, we have to fix our politics. And if we want to fix our politics, we have to do something about inequality." — social psychologist Keith Payne 
Join us on 10.10.20 for @TEDCountdown: A FREE live streamed global event to fight climate change! Featuring: @MarkRuffalo, @CFigueres, @Jaden, @thisissigrid and more. Learn more and #JoinTheCountdown:  
It's not just you. Your rude coworker might *actually* be ruining the company: 
If we all know that micromanagement is ineffective, why do so many bosses still do it? 
"People's need for theater is as powerful as their desire for food or for drink." — Oskar Eustis 
"The enemies of liberal democracy, they have a method ... They hack our feelings of fear and hate and vanity, and then use these feelings to polarize and destroy democracy from within." — Yuval Noah Harari (@harari_yuval)

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
The next time you feel hurt by a friend, family member or colleague, ask yourself:

1) Is this *really* about me?
2) If it is, could I be at fault?
3) If I'm not, how can I speak up? 

“If you get close to what you love, who you are is revealed to you.” — Ethan Hawke 

Statistics are vital to helping us better understand important issues — but only when they're presented accurately: 
This scientist has a love-hate relationship with mosquitos, dedicating his life to studying them — and finding a way to kill their populations: 
When we tell our kids to not see race, we're missing the point. Here's how to raise kids who aren't just "not racist" — but anti-racist: 
Having trouble falling asleep these days? We hear you! Try these 3 tips from sleep scientist Matt Walker (@sleepdiplomat).

For more advice on better 💤, check out Sleeping with Science, his TED original series: 
Pick up a pen and start doodling! You might find yourself along the way ... 
The United States alone has enough cornfields to cover Germany. That's a lot of 🌽🌽🌽 
Here's how the coatings on our cells could actually help us diagnose, prevent and treat cancer: 
Is the future of agriculture ... aquaculture? 🌊 
What would it look like if prisons were places of true rehabilitation? Here's how one program is rethinking the legal system and transforming lives: 
Your online shopping habit might cost more than you think.

Watch Aparna Mehta's full TED Talk here:  
NEW 🎧 @TEDRadioHour: 
How do we build more trusting and empathetic relationships, even during a crisis? 

This hour, therapist @EstherPerel shares ideas on creating lasting bonds in romance, family, and at work. 
Yes, there is a way to talk about politics with loved ones who don't agree with you. It starts with understanding: 
Today, @Neal_Katyal is one of the lawyers prosecuting the case against the police officers charged with George Floyd’s death. Here’s what he says is the key to crafting a persuasive argument — in court or anywhere: 
"What will you choose at this time of fear and bigotry? Will you play it safe? Or will you join those who say we are better than that?" — scholar Dalia Mogahed (@DMogahed)
 
"We need to recognize that security and human rights are not opposite values, they are intrinsically related." — conflict and security researcher Benedetta Berti (@benedettabertiw) 
Before humans spoke, researchers believe we actually used a form of sign language! Here's how that led to speech: 
 
Climbing waterfalls, burrowing into the earth for months at a time — and other amazing ways that some fish survive out of water: 
This animal rights activist hatched an ambitious plan to end factory farming with the last person she expected: A chicken farmer. Here's what she learned: 
We know we should ask our friends and family: "Are you OK?" But what do we do when their answer is "no"? #WorldSuicidePreventionDay 
"You know what? You're imperfect, and you're wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging." — Brené Brown @BreneBrown 
Visit @TEDCountdown to learn more about our global initiative to change climate change:  #JointheCountdown
Activist and actress @JaneFonda explains why — for women all over the planet —  climate change is a feminist issue, too: 
Imagine a worldwide chain of stores where everything from school tuition to cooking fuel is available for purchase — in exchange for plastic waste. #JoinTheCountdown 
Over the last 150 years, Earth's temperature has warmed by almost 1° C. While that seems small, it's led to a dramatic increase in heat waves, droughts and hurricanes. Here's why: 
If you are alive, you are going to have to deal with tough times. Here's how to boost your resilience: 
For years, Sgt. Kevin Briggs patrolled San Francisco’s Golden Gate Bridge. Here's his advice on how to talk to a loved one who may be experiencing suicidal thoughts.

Watch the full talk here: 

#WorldSuicidePreventionDay 
"The work of change, of moral revolution, is hard. But we don't change in the easy times. We change in the difficult times." — Jacqueline Novogratz (@jnovogratz), Acumen founder 
 
"Every child deserves a champion, an adult who will never give up on them. Is this job tough? You betcha. But it is not impossible. We're educators. We're born to make a difference." 

Watch Rita Pierson's full TED Talk here:  
Fun fact: Tapirs appeared between 5 - 25 million years ago on Earth, so they're sometimes called living fossils. 
It's time to have the social justice talk with your kids now: 
There aren't enough donors to fill the needs of hundreds of thousands of people on transplant lists. But what if we could just *make* life-saving organs instead? 
This is why attractive people are regarded as more intelligent and more trustworthy — and why they're even paid more: 
Here's why you should start a "talking-about-sex" club: 
“As long as algorithms’ goals are to keep us engaged, they will continue to feed us the poison that plays to our worst instincts and human weaknesses.” — former CIA analyst @YaelEisenstat 
Lawyer Bryan Stevenson (@eji_org) has dedicated his life to representing the marginalized and wrongly accused. 

Hear him expose hard truths about the US justice system in his TED Talk:  
How does meningitis infect us — and why does this deadly disease spread so quickly? 
400 million people live on less than $2 a day. @Shameran Abed's @BRACworld is working to change that by helping them with:

1) Meeting basic needs
2) Income-generating assets
3) Financial support
4) Social assistance

Learn more:  @TheAudaciousPrj 
"We are so scared to get into an argument that we're willing not to engage at all. Contempt has replaced conversation." 
"Education, in a way, dislocates very many people from their natural talents." — Sir Ken Robinson 
Before you send out that calendar invite, ask yourself: "Does this really need to be an hour long?" and — more importantly — "Does it need to be a meeting at all?" 
400 million people live on less than $2 a day. @Shameran Abed's @BRACworlds is working to change that by helping them with:

1) Meeting basic needs
2) Income-generating assets
3) Financial support
4) Social assistance

Learn more:   @TheAudaciousPrj 
Did you know cavemen got cavities too? In fact, they used beeswax to fill them and pieces of flint to yank out rotten teeth. (Ouch!) 
Not only do these bottom-dwellers have luminescent bodies and straw-like appendages, they also help keep CO2 out of the atmosphere: 
"Are you tired of going to work and making money for other people?" Here's why worker-owned businesses are better for workers — and society: 
Plus, the 2 simple words that kill any conversation: 
"Crises test us. We either fall apart or we grow up fast." — @NaomiAKlein 
Here's why artificial light — like the kind from your phone —  seriously messes up your sleep: 
"Every single person who works for us, without exception, whether they fill out the spreadsheets or change the bedsheets, deserves the respect and dignity of living wage." — activist and filmmaker 
@AbigailDisney

Watch the full TED talk here:  
Has social distancing made a sexter out of you? Here's how you can protect your sensitive — and potentially scandalous — digital life: 
This hilarious talk explains how bad flags happen to good cities — and how they can be stopped: 

Watch @RomanMars full talk here:  
Just in case you were ever wondering what librarians and search engines have in common: 
"We do stand on the shoulders of the people that came before us, there is no question. But every generation has the chance to make it better." — @BillieJeanKing 
Hold on tight! This peek into the depths of the Atlantic Ocean in the world's most advanced submarine is an adventure into the unknown: 
Share these inspiring quotes from TED speakers with anyone in your life who loves the written word. ❤️📚  #ReadABookDay
Share these inspiring quotes from TED speakers with anyone in your life who loves the written word. ❤️📚 #ReadABookDay 
Your thinking patterns impact how you see yourself. Here's how to work through some of the ones that don't serve you: 
These 7 talks deliver the beauty of literature right to your ears: 
 
Don't get fooled! Here are 5 things to look out for the next time you see a viral infographic: 
 
Trust us, knowing *why* sharks act the way they do makes them a whole lot less scary: 
What if — instead of statues — we preserved history through a different kind of art? 
Stop focusing on getting attention; it's way more fulfilling to focus on *paying* attention: 
These hungry plants trap insects, slurp down tadpoles — and even eat the occasional rat!  
Here's how your 💩 could help fight climate change — and even save you money! 
Here's how to decide what information is worth paying attention to — and what news will only stress you out: 
Instead of fighting your boredom, why not embrace it? 

Watch Manoush Zomorodi's full TED Talk here:  
Sleep loss has been linked to impaired memory, slower reaction times, high blood pressure and more: 
Can you tell if someone's voice is real or fake? Learn all about the unsettling world of deepfakes from the new deepfake host of Twenty Thousand Hertz. 

🎧 Listen to @20korg now on Apple Podcasts:  
"Black trans lives matter. My life matters. My body is a sovereign country, and my first site of resistance." — @DrDLStewart 
Could private interests *actually* sell your thoughts and feelings one day? Legal scholar and ethicist @NitaFarahany explains the potential implications and how you can protect your privacy now: 
Psychologist @GuyWinch gives 4 tips on planning for the emotional challenges that come with retirement:  
“I study the moment an individual decides to pull the trigger, the day-to-day decisions that led up to that moment, and the stories they tell themselves about why that behavior is justified.” — historian @CMAbuSarah

"If we are going to move forward, we are going to have to deconstruct the systems of violence." — Dr. @BerniceKing 
Want take action in the fight against climate change? Follow @TEDCountdown to learn more and #JointheCountdown 
Glaciers have become an icon of global warming — but to meaningfully fight climate change, we can't keep relying on the same story:  #JoinTheCountdown
Populist leaders, their policies and influence can be profoundly destabilizing. Here are the key characteristics of a populist leader: 
As droughts, rising  temperatures and unpredictable weather increase, wildfires will, too. This innovative platform promises to spot them early: 
This interactive, virtual game could inspire more kids to pursue science: 
What do you call a curious child who is always asking "But why?" In Russian, there's a word for exactly that!

Watch more great talks on the diversity and power of language:  
There's actually an exact temperature that humans 😴 most soundly at. Is your room too 🥶 — or too 🥵 ? 
Many people actually *want* to work through their cancer treatment. Here's why — and how workplaces can support them: 
Want to recharge your creative flow? Stop working. 
Here's how to block out the things that distract you from accomplishing your goals: 
How Disney — and all corporations — can finally do right by their workers, from activist and filmmaker @AbigailDisney: 
There are tens of thousands of @TEDx talks from all over the world. Re-watch one you love — or discover a new fave: 
When you're fired up too often or for too long, stress can damage virtually every part of your body: 
Twitter has become the perfect platform for pontification. 😬 Here's how to communicate better both on and off platform: 
From music to sports to business, here's why those who specialize later in their careers are more successful than those who had an early start: 
Sure, we work to pay the bills and put food on the table. But that shouldn't be the only reason: 
This is how humans develop colon cancer — and some key things that we can do to prevent it: 
This teen fought for mental health days in her state's schools — and won: 
And —  just as important — what to do once you've found it. 
"These prosecutors hadn't thought much about what happens to us after they win a conviction. But through the simple process of sitting in a classroom, these lawyers started to see that keeping us locked up didn't benefit our community or us." 
Childhood trauma is the biggest public-health threat that no one is talking about. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
These stunning, wearable sculptures inspired by Nordic folklore celebrate aging — and our relationship to nature: 
Are you celebrating — or are you appropriating? Here are 4 things to think about before borrowing from other cultures: 
"The only reason I am who I am is because of my losses, and some of them are extremely painful, but I wouldn't take any of them away." — @serenawilliams 
Infuriating statistic: 34 million Americans have lost a family member or a friend in the last five years — not because the treatment didn't exist, but because they couldn't afford it. 
 
Spoiler: As long as you don't do it too often, you'll be OK. 
 
Take a few minutes and get down on all fours like your dog or cat — we promise there's a good reason for this:  
 
Researchers have identified 4 thought patterns that appear to damage our telomeres — essential parts of our DNA that are responsible for keeping our cells young. Do you do any of them? 
Where does creativity come from? And how can we get in touch with it? Author Elizabeth Gilbert (@GilbertLiz) has a theory. 

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
In the 1970s, there were 1.2 million elephants in Africa; today, their numbers have gone down to nearly 400,000.  

Watch Lucy King's full TED talk to learn about the unlikely ally that's being used to protect elephants — bees:  
Random fact of the day: The word "cannibal" dates from the time of Christopher Columbus; in fact, Columbus may even have coined it. 
Many of our most important medicines are extracted from plants, which can be complex, costly and unreliable. But could there be a better way? 
"The stories of police brutality and killings of unarmed Blacks is not a story about Black people; it's a story about all of us and the stubborn durability of American racism." — political scientist @meganfrancis

Ever noticed that splashing your face with water just makes you feel ... better? Here's the science: 
"We can all be life preservers." 
 
When astronaut Chris Hadfield (@Cmdr_Hadfield) suddenly went blind on a spacewalk, this is the thought that kept him calm: 
The answer is probably not what you think ... 
Next time you find yourself on the verge of blowing up at your kids, partner, coworkers, that person in the store, or the world, try this instead: 
Do you know how to recognize your unconscious bias? Here are 3 effective steps to take to own and defuse prejudice, from psychologist @stevenchayes: 
Police reform isn't enough if we truly want to dismantle systemic racism in the US, says @ACLU's Anthony Romero. Inside the argument for reducing law enforcement budgets and reinvesting in communities: 
Today's white nationalists may not have white hoods or Nazi tattoos, but they're following the same principles as yesterday's white supremacists — and using the same tactics to find new recruits: 
Instead of technology and efficiency, human skills like imagination and bravery are what we really need to overcome tough times like today: 
 
"Our political system can be transformed — not by subverting it [or] by destroying it but by rewiring it with the tools that the internet affords us now." — activist @piamancini 
Not all stages of sleep are equal — deep sleep is the most restorative stage of your night's rest. Here's how to get more of it: 
"Not voting can be dressed up as an act of principled, passive resistance, but in fact not voting is actively handing power over to those whose interests are counter to your own. " — civic evangelist and author @ericpliu 
This is the devastating reality for people who are locked up in long-term solitary confinement.

Watch Laura Rovner's full TED Talk here:  
Worldwide, 1 in 7 people worldwide experience unexplained ringing, buzzing, hissing or clicking sounds. Here's the cause: 
Because baristas are essential workers, too. 
“If other people don't listen to me, that doesn't matter. Because as long as I keep on fighting, I know that they will at some point.” — @Malala Yousafzai  

Watch her full conversation on the power of youth activism and the importance of girls' education:  
Thousands of people have gathered at the National Mall today, 57 years after that historic march on Washington DC. Watch this video, and learn about the person who helped make Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech a reality in 1963: 
Right now there's no way to make air travel 100% safe — but there are ways you can make it safer for you and your loved ones: 
Could there actually be life on this very Earth-like moon? Here's the trail-blazing mission that we're launching to find out: 
"It is utterly possible to make yourself think and act in certain ways that help you navigate tough times." — resilience researcher Lucy Hone 
This human-made phenomenon — and it's not plastic or oil spills — is killing huge amounts of marine life every year. Inside the science of "dead zones": 
"Students shouldn't be viewed as empty buckets to be filled with facts but as co-creators of knowledge." 
"No Black community has ever taken to the streets to demand that white people would love us more. Communities march to stop the killing, because racism is about behaviors, not feelings." — @DrPhilGoff 
There are only 2 known northern white rhinos left on earth — but all hope is not lost for this species. Here's why: 

"Only when race stops being the precursor to how Black women are treated or not treated in the health care system, then outcomes will be drastically different." — maternal care reformer Wanda Irving 
Planets need 3 key features to support life as we know it — and these 3 bodies in our solar system just might have them all: 
"True belonging only happens when we present our authentic, imperfect selves to the world."— @BreneBrown 
Should the descendants of enslaved people receive money from the US government — and how would this work? These questions and more, answered: 
Young people who have this powerful mindset are more confident and resilient. Here's how you can cultivate it in your kids: 
Getting more sleep is better, right? Not always: 
"What we're taught in schools that sex is binary, just male and female is not correct. Like most things in this world, it is much more complicated than that." — advocate Susannah Temko 
And by dog lovers, we of course mean everyone. #InternationalDogDay 
Stop suffering in silence — here are 4 ways you can fend off WFH burnout: 
Turns out, your dog's nose is useful for a lot more than booping. #InternationalDogDay 
"Can you imagine our country embracing young black men, seeing them as part of our future, giving them that kind of openness, that kind of grace we give to people we love? How much better would our lives be? How much better would our country be?" 
You'd be surprised at how many ways there are to achieve the big O: 
"I was only able to start changing my life when I realized  depression is not a malfunction. It's a signal." — journalist Johan Hari (@johannhari101) 
Our society is so polarized not because of politics or social media — but because of our stubborn belief in meritocracy, says philosopher Michael Sandel. Here's how we need to shift our perspective:  
The average recruiter or hiring manager will look at your resume for 6 seconds before deciding "yes" or "no". Here's how to ensure that yours makes a great impression:  
Opening colleges endangers staff and students and forces campuses to shut down when cases arise (as they will). Here's a thought: What if colleges put their energies into making online learning as good as possible instead?  
 
Hey, did you even know you had a third eyelid? And it's not just you:  We all have one. 
 
Does the pressure to do your best actually prevent you from doing that? Here's how you can get out of your own way.

Watch Sian Leah Beilock's full talk here:  
Can the pressure to do your best actually prevent you from doing exactly that? Here's how to get out of your own way.

Watch Sian Leah Beilock's full talk here:  
That annoying sound ... is actually the sound of mosquitoes mating. Learn more here: 
You might have heard the term "intersectional feminism" — here's what it means and why it's important, from civil rights advocate Kimberlé Crenshaw (@sandylocks): 
Learn more about Sir Ken Robinson's legacy here: 
We are deeply saddened to report that Sir Ken Robinson, creativity expert and TED speaker, passed away on Friday. His talk on schools and creativity was first published in 2006 and remains the most viewed TED Talk of all time. 

Watch his full talk here:  
Cities are like "pressure cookers" for evolution — speeding up changes in species that might otherwise take thousands of years. Learn about this astonishing discovery here: 
It's one of science's biggest mysteries. Seriously! 
Are you working at home and sitting all day? Go ahead and stretch your legs — your work will thank you for it! 
You — yes, you — can learn to speak a new language, play a musical instrument or hem pants in just 45 minutes a day: 
Practical advice to help you make sure that your work stays at work (even if your office is now your home): 
Get a boost of positive energy from these 10 TED Talks featuring puppies, poetry and more: 
Black women in the US are 4 times more likely to die during childbirth than white women. Here's how we can change that: 
Is your 📚 stack running low? Here are 52 books recommended by TED speakers: 
This story about a senior love triangle is strange, sweet and everything in between: 
Here's how that little clip they put on your finger at the doctor's office really works: 
Blackbeard, Florence Nightingale and Buckminster Fuller all have something to teach us about creativity and risk-taking: 
These fascinating fish subsist on a diet of seaweed and rocks ... yum? 
If something just doesn't feel right in your relationship, don't ignore it. Instead, ask yourself 3 questions: 
Watch Sir Ken Robinson's classic 2006 TED Talk — one of the first to be shared on  — on education and creativity here: 
“The best evidence of human creativity is our trajectory through life." - Sir Ken Robinson, 1950-2020 
"Show a people as one thing, as only one thing, over and over again, and that is what they become." — Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie 

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
What do Nike, Moana and Beyoncé have to do with social justice? This educator explains how the lessons that we learn from pop culture can help us better connect with each other: 
Was the Moon actually formed... inside the Earth?!? 🤯 
These days, the future of our planet can seem pretty bleak, but Dr. Jane Goodall (@JaneGoodallInst) wants you to know there's hope: 
It's tempting to shame and judge people who don't wear masks — but it actually doesn't help. There's a better way: 
What would it mean if we could take time off from work or school to work through emotional traumas? 
Here's how scientists are speeding up the testing, trial and production of vaccines that are effective and safe: 
Wildfires — like the ones happening in California right now — are only getting more frequent around the globe. But we *can* fight this scary new reality; here's what we need to do: 
"Music should be safe and accessible for all to experience." — Activist, musician and @TEDFellow @MadameGandhi 
"Mentoring is one of the strategies that can close the gender gap in leadership in [the US] and around the world." — @PatMitchell 
Disturbing stat: Nearly 40% of eligible US voters don't vote. Here's how we could make elections more accessible to all people: 
"Twenty-three years ago, I went back to a broken Rwanda, that now is still a poor country but shining with a bright future." — global health fighter @AgnesBinagwaho 
What if we helped young kids living in poverty by simply giving their families more money? Neuroscientists did just that — and here's what they learned: 
Having a hard time focusing at work or setting boundaries? We've got you: 
A ripe 🍅 that's picked by a small farmer from the vine has a very different story than the ones seen in the grocery store. Here's how to make local vegetables more available to everyone *and* help small growers in the process: 
📢 Calling all scientists, musicians, activists, artists and more! 📢

Have an 💡 worth spreading?

Then, we want you! 💪

The deadline to apply to be a @TEDFellow is August 24th. Learn more: 
Hey, busy 🐝 — how about a brain teaser? 
Would you enter the coldest, most remote, most dangerous waters on earth to catch a wave? Here's how one surfer embraced the challenge: 
Waste not: Drinking 🚽  water could in your future — and it's not as gross as you think! 
Here's how one physician is changing how the US works with the migrants seeking safety and shelter at the country's southern border: 
Get a good night's rest tonight — your immune system will thank you. 
Whether it's traffic, construction, air-conditioning, or your neighbor's lawnmower, constant noise can have a surprising impact on your mental health. 

Learn more on the latest @20korg and listen wherever you get your podcasts:  
This is the reason why it may take an hour or two for your painkiller to start working. 
"Our mothers and grandmothers took bold, defiant steps to confront the underlying prejudices and assumptions that denied women the right to pursue full and equal lives. This work is far from over. " - writer @SamanthaNutt 
You wouldn't hurt a fly ... after reading this: 
What if when a hurricane or tornado hit, no one was able to find you? One billion people around the world experience situations like this every day because where they live is not on any maps. Here's how @Hotosm is changing all that:  @TheAudaciousPrj
Calling all mythology lovers — have you heard this one before? 
From the time of World War I until the 1970s, millions of Black Americans fled the Jim Crow South. Here's how this Great Migration changed American history and culture. 

Watch the full TED Talk from @Isabelwilkerson here:  
How does artist @RefikAnadol imagine the future of design? Hint: It's inspired by Ridley Scott. 
Sometimes it feels impossible to be optimistic in the face of the day’s headlines. These TED speakers can help guide you through: 
"Women, I encourage you to acknowledge your fury. Give it language. Share it in safe places of identification and in safe ways. Your fury is not something to be afraid of. It holds lifetimes of wisdom." — @TraceeEllisRoss 
Teachers emotionally support our kids, and here's what we need to do to support them, too: 
Summer is nearly over in the Northern Hemisphere! How many of these great recs from TED speakers have you tried so far? 
On the 100th anniversary of women's suffrage in the US, learn what else can be done to elect more female leaders — and build a global movement for gender equality: 
"All comfort has done is maintain the status quo. So we've got to get comfortable with being uncomfortable by speaking these hard truths when they're necessary" — @Luvvie Ajayi

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Universal basic income is a controversial proposal — and it could take a long time to gain broad support. Here are 3 ways to close the wealth gap now: 
Right now 1 billion people worldwide live in places that are not on any maps. That means they're cut off from aid, disaster relief efforts, and other forms of life-saving assistance. Here's how @Hotosm is changing this:  @TheAudaciousPrj 
Don't worry: The fleeting feeling of pleasure you get over others' misfortune doesn't make you a bad person. 
Ida B. Wells was born into slavery but grew up to become a school teacher,  investigative journalist and, finally, a leader in the civil rights and women’s suffrage movements. 
"The sad truth is most of us don't find strong, competent women easy to like." — film director Robin Houser (@rubie226) 
"Suffering's great power is that it's an interruption of life. It reminds you that you're not the person you thought you were." — @nytdavidbrooks 
"The hard choices — what we most fear doing, asking, saying — these are very often exactly what we most need to do."

Watch the full TED Talk from Tim Ferriss (@tferriss) here:  
When lions from the surrounding area kept killing his community's cattle, this young Kenyan inventor came up with a clever way to keep them at bay: 
This centuries-old book is one of history's biggest mysteries. The reason why? No one can figure out what it says. 
Do you know what your loved ones want at the end of their life? Here's why you should ask before it's too late: 
You may recognize some of these 32 symbols carved into the caves of Ice-Age Europe: 
This artist manipulates balloons and plastic tubes to make pyramids on the beach, stripes across lakes and rainbow arcs over deserts. Check out his whimsical work: 
Here's how saying yes to everything helped @ShondaRhimes get back in touch with her creative flow: 
Don't freak out: Mind-controlling parasites are not just the stuff of science fiction.

Watch @edyong209's full TED Talk here:  
Here's how you can harness the power of your anger to inspire ideas — and action: 
.@iamsrk traces the arc of his life, showcases a few of his famous dance moves, and shares hard-earned wisdom from a life spent in the spotlight:
Cool tech alert! This eel-inspired robot can detect mercury and other pollutants in the water around it. 
Today's virtual travel moment: 👀 at these 80-foot-tall, fairytale-like ice towers! Not only are they beautiful, they also represent a very real way to help counter climate change. 
Wallpaper colored with arsenic, plates painted with uranium, and other pigments we didn't know were toxic... 
When boys take risks they're rewarded for it — but the opposite is true for girls. Here's how this double standard sets women up to fail.

Watch @ReshmaSaujani's full TED Talk here:  
What if coming undone is the first step to changing for the better? 
This designer set out to document everyday objects, from the richest households to the poorest. This is what she learned.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
The line between what does and does not make someone a psychopath is actually much blurrier than we thought ... 
Relax with this dreamy new song from indie-pop duo Lucius (@ilovelucius) — complete with dueling keyboards! 
Here's how the plastic we throw away comes back to haunt us: 
It will take all of us to end climate change. Calling all:

🏫Schools
💼Businesses
🏠Homes
💻 Zoom calls

We want you to #JoinTheCountdown. Learn more about how you can host your own @TEDx @TEDCountdown event:  
Did you know Antarctica is actually so dry that it's considered a desert?!? Learn more fascinating facts about the two Poles: 
In 2017, a dozen new cloud forms were added to the International Cloud Atlas. (Yes, that's a real thing.) Have you ever seen any of them in the sky? 
Here's why you should stop trying to capture every single moment: 
When it comes to vaccines, we don't have a misinformation problem — we actually have a trust problem. 
 
Want to discuss the ideas presented in this Talk with people from around the world? Join a TED Circle! It's like a virtual bookclub, but with TED Talks. This month's theme is "How Change Happens." Learn more and get started: 
"What if we placed freedom from racist violence at the crux of what it means to be free and equal in the United States?" -@meganfrancis 
Did you know: The bottom and top parts of a turtle shell grow completely separately, then merge together to create a protective home? 🐢 🏠 
It's OK — we know you're looking for a distraction. Indulge with these fun and fascinating talks: 
Superior multitaskers — or "supertaskers" — are like jugglers, effortlessly switching between tasks. Here are some of the secrets to their success: 
The “us vs. them” mentality is human nature — but we can fight it:  
If you want your kids to develop more empathy, stop lecturing them and start turning everyday interactions into teaching moments: 
Why you should tell your story, even if you think no one wants to hear it: 
Sleep is actually a form of emotional first aid — but only if you get enough of it: 
To hear more about the sounds (and silences!) in our every day lives check out @20korg hosted by Dallas Taylor (@D_llas): 
This talk ends with 4 minutes and 33 seconds of silence — here's why every second is totally worth your time: 
This TED speaker was a published author by age 7 — and gave this Talk when she was just 12! Here's why she says we should embrace what is "childish":  #InternationalYouthDay
What is the carbon footprint of your *actual* footprint? Here's how manufacturers are making sneakers more sustainable: 
Time and again, short-term thinking proves disastrous for societies, governments and businesses. Here are 3 strategies to shift your thinking to the long-term: 
In 2018, 130 million girls around the world were not able to access quality education. Just imagine all that could be accomplished if they realized their potential: 
"Instead of looking for hope, look for action. Then, and only then, hope will come ... Everything needs to change, and it has to start today."

Watch the full talk from @GretaThunberg here:  
Here's how traditionally-designed bridges and floating villages can help us rethink how we build for a future with climate change: 
Making space travel accessible to everyone *is* rocket science! 
Jane Austen created heroines who faced familial, romantic and financial challenges and resolved them without sacrificing their values — or their sense of humor. 

Could *almost* winning actually be better for us than really winning? 
How can we guard against the hidden judgements that our subconscious minds routinely make every day? 
A pre-mortem may sound scary or difficult, but this neuroscientist says it's the best way to plan for stressful situations.

Watch the full talk here:  
Eating less meat can help you live longer — and it's good for the environment. Even if you’re not ready to say goodbye to meat forever, here’s how to make going vegetarian work for you.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Inside the mission to document the entire surface of the planet — and create a virtual earth: 
A better future is within our grasp — but it will take every one of us to get there. Join us on 10.10.20 for @TEDCountdown: A global call to action to change how we tackle climate change. Can the 🌎 count on you? Learn more and #JoinTheCountdown:  
Successful couples are successful not because they found "the one." Instead, they worked to become each other's soulmates. 
Eye-opening stat: Almost 31% of the world's fish populations are overfished, and another 58% are fished at the maximum sustainable level. 
When you say someone is "articulate," what are you *really* saying? This poet breaks down why each of the 3 English dialects she speaks are valid: 
One strategy: Everyone — even people who think that climate change is a UN hoax — has people, places and pastimes they care deeply about, so tell them about environmentally friendly behaviors they could adopt that line up with their passions. 
Here's why it's so hard to tackle climate change: "[It] would require societies today to make investments to benefit people in the faraway future — it’s like asking teenagers to save for their grandchildren’s retirement," says @CharlesCMann. 
In places like Chernobyl, turns out the biggest factor affecting wildlife *isn't* nuclear contamination ... 
Take it from neuroscientist @sophiescott —who's also a standup comedian. 
 
"For many people who don't understand racism, the problem is not a lack of knowledge to talk about the pain of white supremacy and oppression; it's that they don't recognize that pain exists at all." 
It's true — take a look at a smog diamond here. 
Here's how much water your body *really* needs every day: 
“When poor people choose, they choose better. They choose what works for them.” 
Why are some of us more likely to help other people — even when it’s an enormous risk and cost to ourselves? 

Watch Abigail Marsh's full TED Talk here:  
A teen shares how we can help prevent young people from taking harmful risks — and steer them towards positive ones: 
"My suffering is not a state of grace. It’s just a part of me. Like my heart." — writer @LidiaYuknavitch 
Find out how much of a perfectionist you are — and learn what you can do about it: 
The next time your cat presents you with a dead rodent, just remember: That's why ancient humans kept them around ... #InternationalCatDay 
This artist and professor turns runoff pollution from abandoned coal mines into paint. See some of his amazing art here: 
Now here's an efficient — and adorable — way to approach conservation and climate change: 
Why are hundreds of thousands of migrants locked up in the US? The ugly truth: "To local governments and private businesses, immigration prisons are a financial spigot," says law professor César Cuauhtémoc García Hernández.  
 
In 10 years, this strategy led to a 91% reduction in chronic homelessness in Utah. Here's what they did — and how it could work anywhere: 
Raise your hand if you've ever gotten up to go to the bathroom — and then turned around because you forgot to grab your phone ... 
Psychology professor @danariely explains why we feel so proud after we build IKEA furniture or bake a cake from a mix ... 
 
People have experienced relief from heart problems, asthma and severe pain — even though all they got was a fake drug or sham surgery. Here's why: 
Don't let people tell you that it's too late for you to launch your dream business — it's not. 
 
If only our socks and dishes could do what these drones do at 2:30. 
 
Fun fact of the day: Before chickens were seen as dinner, the Romans consulted them as oracles. 
Why is Twitter such a mess and a platform like LinkedIn... isn't? The secret lies in how each site is designed: 
How do fireflies light up? And why do they do it at all? Hint: It has to do with sex: 
"Charisma is a force that can rally people during difficult times — but it can also blind people." 
Did you know that the word "merry" once meant "short"? Here's how 4 other words have changed meanings over the centuries, from linguist @JohnHMcWhorter: 
Here's how much water your body *really* needs every day: 
Stop focusing on getting attention, says actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt (@hitRECordJoe). You'll find it's way more fulfilling to focus on *paying* attention. 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
Hear the never-before-told story behind one of the most recognizable sonic logos in the world. Ta-Dum! It's @netflix. Listen to @20korg wherever you get your podcasts:  
Here's why you should pay attention to your attention — and how you can start to do that: 
Some important scientific discoveries are waiting to be found in risky places like conflict-ridden countries or pirate-patrolled waters. Here's one scientist's case for exploring them anyway: 
Instead of teaching geometry with pencil and paper, why not do it with crochet? 
 
Here's how you can use anger as a motivator that can help you respond to injustice: 
 
The sea cucumber just might have the most important anus in the ocean. Really.  
 
Alex Honnold became the first solo climber to scale Yosemite’s El Capitan without ropes or safety equipment. Here’s how he did it.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
"We spend so much time listening to the things people are saying that we rarely pay attention to the things they don't. Silence is the residue of fear." — @ClintSmithIII, poet and educator 

Watch his full talk here:  
Until 2012, there were only 4 known blue pigments — the last one having been discovered in 1802! Here's how a chemistry lab accidentally found the fifth: 
Take a moment to celebrate the beauty of this planet — and our unlikely existence — with this poetic talk from artist @oliverjeffers: 
Did you know that human sperm "smell" their way to finding an egg? Inside the fascinating science of your body's olfactory receptors: 
Are fungi better at making trade deals than humans are? 
What if we could help prevent Alzheimer's without a cure or medical advancements? Here's how: 
For better brain health, here's what to eat more of (and eat less of): 
Do you want to...

🔭 Get a new perspective?
🧠 Learn something new?
🌏 Meet new people?

Join a TED Circle! It's like a book club for big ideas, and best of all, you don't even need to leave your house. Get started here:  
Oceans make up 70 percent of our entire planet — but 95 percent of their waters are uncharted. Here's how this special sub is helping us explore the deepest depths of the sea: 
No more salary secrets. 🤐  Here's why pay transparency benefits everyone: 
Why are we so obsessed with age? Here's how we can fight ageism by being more empathetic to our future selves: 
The secret to success for any magician isn't quick hands and flashy showmanship — its staying one step ahead. Here's how you can utilize their tricks and bring some wow to your work:  #MotivationMonday
Learn any new words lately? Here's how your brain adds them to the tens of thousands of words you already know: 
"Fire season is now 40 to 80 days longer each year. Because of this, climatologists are predicting that the area burned since 2000 will double or triple in the next three decades." 

Watch Paul Hessburg's full TED Talk on wildfires here:  
To fight misinformation, we can't just rely on technology. 

Watch Sinan Aral's full TED Talk here:  
Like them or not, video calls are here to stay. Here are 3 ways to fight "Zoom fatigue": 
Peaches, plums, apricots, nectarines, and cherries — all on one tree! Check out this botanical Frankenstein: 
And if they are supposed to last forever, how does tattoo removal work? 🤔 
5 simple concepts for designing spaces that encourage empathy, honor the past and actually help local communities: 
.@JedidahIslerPhD was the first Black woman to earn a PhD in astrophysics from Yale. Here's why she says STEM fields are actually missing out on the advantages of diversity: 
What if antibiotics lose their ability to treat the common infections humans get? Here's why bacteria are becoming increasingly resistant to drugs — and what we can do about it: 
To date, there is no known medical or physiological function for hiccups. But scientists have two theories about why we get them: 
Want to get a better look at your health? Zoom in on your microbes: 
Why extremism appeals to troubled young people — and how white supremacist groups use their vulnerabilities to recruit them: 
For people with disabilities, a shirt button or the zipper on a pair of pants can be a barrier to independence. Here's how one designer is changing that: 
Email taking over your life? Try this: 
“On the one hand, we love our daughters, and on the other hand, we crush them.” 
In this study, participants took the same memory test twice — before and after a nap. Only half were played interactive sounds while they were fast asleep. These are the surprising results:  
There may or may not be a real live camel at the end of this Talk... 

If you're planning an virtual birthday party or get-together with friends, here's how to make it feel special: 
Occasionally, even people born without a limb can still feel its invisible presence. Learn about this mysterious scientific phenomenon: 
The creepiest professions? Survey says:
🤡  clown
🦌 taxidermist
🍆  sex-shop owner
⚰️  funeral director. 

The least creepy?
🌦 meteorologist 

In a polarized world where even facts are disputed, how can we get to the truth? Ask Dolly Parton! 
Are you an A-lister, artisan, game-changer, sensitive soul or activist? Find out: 
Overwhelmed by stress? A small mindset shift could help you power through. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
What's the probability that a shot will swish into the hoop? Coaches and players are using this software to find out: 
Long-term and short-term memory are actually controlled by two separate parts of the brain. Learn about the infamous case that led to this discovery: 
Here are 3 questions we should ask to reframe the immigration debate: 
Here's how to stop sabotaging yourself and get back to the job search: 
Unfairness makes employees disengaged and defensive. Here's how to eliminate it: 
Plus, the new questions employers are asking — and thoughtful ones you can ask them: 
In his interview with the late Congressman John Lewis, Bryan Stevenson of @eji_org asked the civil rights leader what he'd like to be remembered for. This is what he said.

Watch their full conversation here:  
Here's why we should live more like animals. Really! 
If scientists spotted an asteroid headed our way, we could actually nudge it off its course. But only if we have enough warning... 
Here's how to help everyone stay connected, present and productive during video meetings: 
We shouldn't run from rejection, we should embrace it. How have you learned from failure? 
In one case, two circus elephants that had briefly performed together rejoiced when crossing paths 23 years later. This recognition isn't limited to their own species: Elephants have recognized humans they've bonded with after decades apart. 
Michael Tubbs is one of the youngest mayors in the US, and he's shaking things up in his hometown of Stockton, California. 

This is his simple but brilliant vision for helping people thrive. Watch the full TED Talk here:  
“Hearing people assume that the deaf live in a perpetual state of wanting to hear — because they can’t imagine any other way. But I’ve never once wished to be hearing.” 
This transgender activist has a message for anyone who's worried they'll say the wrong thing: Just ask. 

Watch Jackson Bird's full TED Talk here:  
Here's how to recognize the 3 traits of creative problem-solvers — and cultivate them in yourself: 
What a fun behind the scenes look! Watch @ArielWaldman's #TED2020 Talk on the microscopic creatures lurking beneath Antarctica's massive ice sheet here:  
📣 Calling all world changers!  📣 We want you to become a @TEDFellow! Join our growing community of nearly 500 extraordinary thinkers and doers from 99+ countries. Apply now through August 24th. Learn more:  
"Empathy without action risks reinforcing the status quo." — Jacqueline Novogratz (@jnovogratz) 
Do you know how to recognize this "camouflaged" racism when you see it? 
What do we humans have that other animals don't? Hint: It has to do with 🔥 
Here's why scratching an itch feels so good: 
If you have strong opinions on the Oxford comma, semi-colons, word usage and other fine points of punctuation — you know who you are — this Talk is for you: 
Of course your team should plan what it wants to accomplish and how, but it's just as important to state *why*. 
Virtual sound mixer, work-from-home coordinator, and more careers that work experts predict will be in demand in the next decade: 
These indecipherable tablets discovered on the island of Crete confounded scholars for 50 years. Who wrote them — and what did they say? 
Rep. John Lewis will lie in state in the US Capitol on Monday and Tuesday. In this 2019 conversation, the civil rights leader talked about the power of making “good trouble” — and how he wanted to be remembered: 
"In a relatively short period of time, we have come to know that air pollution is having a negative impact on almost all our major organs."

Watch María Neira's full TED Talk here:  
Most of us eat to keep our bodies healthy, but we don't always focus on what's best for our brains. Here's what to eat more of (and less of): 
"It's our civic and human duty to care about what's happening in the world, but we can't be on duty 24/7." - @GuyWinch

Try these 3 tips for self-care the next time you're overwhelmed by the news. For more tips, watch his TED talk here:  
"It's equally important that disabled people have the same opportunities to travel, study and work abroad as anyone else in our country." — @JudithHeumann, who helped pass the Americans with Disabilities Act 30 years ago today 
Today, it's simply not enough to be "not racist." Here's why we should all strive to be anti-racist: 
Football — or soccer as it's known in the US — is a shared language known around the globe. Here's how one artist is using the sport to connect to young immigrants: 
 
Take a break and enjoy these colorful, inspiring illustrations of hope from artists representing countries around the world: 
And no, it's not Pluto. 
What does practice do in our brains to make us better at performing tasks? 
Who is Septima Clark? She taught famous figures like Rosa Parks and was a major player in the success of the civil rights movement. Here's what you can learn from her story: 
Fighting racism begins with confronting our own conscious — and unconscious — prejudices: 
Indigenous peoples have been using their knowledge about the climate to survive for thousands of years. So why aren't we tapping into it? 
The 18th Amendment was meant to cure society's ills, but it just created new problems like organized crime and political corruption. Learn more about the only US constitutional amendment to be fully repealed:

What's your favorite thing about paper books? 📚 
Gross but cool: This is how your body knows when it's gas — and when it's definitely more than just gas. 
Feel like you're constantly running out of time? Here's an approach to help you make the most of every moment: 
 
This ultra-violet light can kill this coronavirus — even in the air! — and seems safe to use around humans. Here's how it could help us in our efforts to eradicate COVID-19: 
🔴 Why do women get periods? 
🔴 Why do they hurt? 
🔴 Why are they such a taboo topic? 
What do you miss? In this poignant series of poetic animated shorts, designer @DebbieMillman sends love letters to her garden, New York City, travel and storytelling as she reflects on this time of the coronavirus pandemic: 
By the 11th century, Vikings overtook trade routes throughout Europe, conquered kingdoms in Africa and even built outposts in North America. Learn more about the secret to their success: 
Creativity tips from actor Ethan Hawke:

1) Find a way to express yourself.
2) Don't worry if it's any good. 
3) Don't be afraid to look like a fool. 

For more, watch his talk here: 
Next time your friend asks you for advice — or you're just dying to blurt it out — ask them these 3 questions instead: 
"Regardless of how I show up, I’m enough because I said so." 
9 talks on how you can move forward after life-altering moments: 
Scary but true: Technology has made it possible to create videos of people saying things that they never actually said. Here's how to spot them.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Find your new favorite read here: 
"It’s time to end the consensual hallucination between university leadership, parents, and students that in-person classes will resume in the fall." — Scott Galloway (@ProfGalloway) 
Here's what bipolar disorder is — and isn't — and how this widely misunderstood medical condition can be treated: 
"If we are the only intelligent beings in the galaxy, we should make sure we survive and continue. But we are entering an increasingly dangerous period of our history."

Watch the full TED Talk from Stephen Hawking here:  
By 2050, we could have as much — or more — plastic in our oceans than fish. This teen invented a way to collect, sort and clean it from the water's surface: 
It's normal to commiserate with friends about your problems — but when it's the *only* topic of conversation, it can be dangerous for your mental health. Here's why: 
This is what social media companies — and you — can do to make the internet less toxic. 
“I know it sounds silly. But what’s really silly is thinking that music could only be for one species.” 
Why does running on a treadmill feel like such a punishment? Maybe because it was created as one: 
Trying to get more sleep? Here's why that 9 p.m. glass of red isn't helping: 
Here's how artificial intelligence designers take cues from neuroscience to build machines that learn more like humans: 
Instead of restricting *what* you eat, this strategy restricts *when* you can eat. But can it actually help you lose weight? 
Real-time language translation, "virtual" handshakes, and more visions of the future of remote work from the CEO of Zoom: 
Governments have 3 main options in the face of a pandemic:

1) Race through it;

2) Delay and vaccinate;

3) Coordinate and crush 


Frustrated by bifocals — or by having to wear reading glasses *with* your contacts? These new lenses fix those problems. 
For a long time, the plural of "book" used to be "beek," and eggs were known as "eggru." Here's why: 
Here's why online work won't be going away after the pandemic: 
From education to income to health, Black communities have been hit especially hard by the COVID-19 pandemic. Learn how @hczorg's 5-pillar, holistic solution is getting results — and their plan to scale it across the US:   @TheAudaciousPrj
Learn @AlGore's plan for transforming manufacturing, transportation and agriculture and generating cheaper energy — and creating millions of new jobs.  
They're not just hurting you; your rude coworker is actually ruining the company.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Next time you’re convinced you’re stuck, just remember: There’s a way forward that you’re just not seeing yet. #MondayMotivation 
Learn the common mistakes that beginning gardeners make — plus some easy-to-grow, hard-to-kill plants. 

Many are casting this pandemic as a "war" between humans and the virus. But what if we're using the wrong metaphor? 
“When you see something that is not right or just or fair, you have to say something. You have to do something.” — US Congressman John Lewis
Watch the premiere of the late civil rights leader's conversation with lawyer and activist Bryan Stevenson: 
In just a few months, the pandemic struck "a serious blow to America's image," says journalist and CNN host @FareedZakaria. How else is it changing the global order?

Watch the full conversation here:  
What would it be like to start a colony on the Moon? With his surreal work, this artist helps us imagine it: 
Have you checked out our brand new initiative — in partnership with Qatar Foundation (@QF) — to spread great ideas, solutions, stories and perspectives — all in Arabic? Learn more:  #TEDinArabic 
It's not too late to chase your dream — take it from these late-bloomers: 
No, she wasn't their first female software engineer. She was their first software engineer, period. 
How this typeface —that you probably see every day — helped send humans to the moon: 
What would you like to be remembered for?

Watch Lux Narayan's full TED Talk here:  
The water hyacinth disrupts schooling, commerce and many other parts of Nigerian life. Here's how one entrepreneur turned that challenge an opportunity: 
What if — instead of statues — we preserved history through a different kind of art? 
The idea you can "pull yourself up by the bootstraps" simply isn't achievable for those without money. Here's one way to make the American Dream a reality for all: 
Are there 👽 out there? This scientist is studying the atmospheres of exoplanets — planets orbiting around stars besides our sun — to find out: 
This entrepreneur wanted to end the stigma and shame of menstruating for girls around the world, so she wrote a comic book called "Menstrupedia." 
Splitting the bill down to the cent may be good for your wallet, but not your relationships. 
This Air Force veteran shares a powerful story of everyday racism — and calls on each one of us to stand up to bias and injustice when we see them. 
Flood control, organic veggies, solar power, a park for city dwellers and more — what can't this rooftop farm do? 
Researchers have 7 theories:

#1: We dream to fulfill our wishes. 
#2: We dream to remember. 
#3: We dream to forget.  
A guide to subtly convincing others to be better people: 
This artist collects tons of plastic waste from all over the world — and turns it into stunning landscape photography: 
 
Did you know cicadas 🦗 were considered luxury snacks in ancient Greece? 
 
From news headlines to sales techniques, we're all getting fooled and we might not even realize it! Here's how to spot common cons: 
Fire ants take flight only once in their life — to have sex. The males all die, but the females walk away with a lifetime supply of sperm.  
Waking up just two hours earlier than you usually do can mean losing up to 70% of your REM sleep. What?!? Here's why that matters: 
Capitalism is in need of much more than an upgrade — it needs a totally different playing field. This new exchange encourages corporations to invest in a better future for everyone: 
"If you ever know somebody who needs help, if you know somebody who is scared, be kind to them. Whatever you are going to do, it's going to be hope for them." — Holocaust survivor Werner Reich 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
Most people recognize the names Eric Garner and Tamir Rice, but do you know about other victims of police violence like Michelle Cusseaux or Tanisha Anderson? Here's why intersectionality matters: 
You may think it isn't your place to speak up on issues that affect other communities — but it is. Here's how you can speak up when it counts: 
It's okay not to know. 
Jump to “things to listen to,” "things to read” or “things to watch." Or, devour the whole list!   
You can't "teach" kids to be creative — but you can create a space for their imaginations to flourish: 
The 3 principles of this educator's philosophy of equality:

1. Treat people like human beings, not political abstractions.
2. Criticize to uplift and empower.
3. Root everything you do in love and compassion.

Watch the full talk here: 
The Holocaust is the most-documented genocide in the world. How can people believe it didn't happen?  
"For many white Americans, the murder of George Floyd was the moment at which we will look back and say, 'We could no longer be comfortable with racism in America.'"

Watch @DarrenWalker's full TED Talk here:  
Residents are experts on the needs of their own neighborhoods — so why don't they have more say over how money is spent in their community? 
These inventions can help us touch, see and experience the future — and give everyone a new role in determining it: 
Creating new rituals can help strengthen your relationship. Here are a few to start with: 
Face it: Your stuff will never bring you lasting happiness. Here's how you can begin to lighten the load: 
There are actually hundreds of coronaviruses, but only 7 of them infect humans. Here's what makes this one so different: 
Los Angeles Mayor @EricGarcetti says we can make the world's cities more equitable and sustainable by creating greener jobs, transportation and infrastructure. Here's how he's doing it: 
Confused about the coronavirus tests? We're here to clear it up: 
Nevermore will you be able to look at Edgar Allen Poe the same way: 
A couple's sexual satisfaction has nothing to do with how frequent or adventurous their sex is. Here's what really strengthens your relationship over the long run: 
Should the descendants of enslaved people receive money from the US government — and how would it work? These questions and more, answered: 
You watch your kids when they play basketball, softball and other activities — so why not support them when their passion is gaming? 
Antarctica isn't the lifeless, barren continent that you think it is. Learn about the inhabitants lurking just below the surface — from "cuddly" water bears to geometric algae made of glass: 
After he was charged and convicted of treason, the once-revered King Louis XVI was publicly beheaded, signaling the end of 1,000 years of monarchy. 
"As parents, as coaches, as leaders, we can no longer lead from a place where winning is our only metric of success, where our ego sits center stage."

Watch former UCLA Women's Gymnastics Coach Valorie Kondos Field's full TED Talk here:  
Could we prevent deadly virus outbreaks by ... vaccinating bats? 
This is what happens to your brain when you use birth control: 
In most cities across the US, lethal violence can be traced back to just a few hundred people and a tiny percentage of city blocks. Here's why: 
From toe jam cheese to rainbow poop and beyond — here's how synthetic biology is helping us imagine a different kind of future: 
Our identities are way too complex to be summed up in one word. Instead of "Where are you from?", ask this instead.

Watch Taiye Selasi's full TED Talk here:  
بكل فخر، نود أن نقدم لكم مبادرتنا الجديدة "TED بالعربي" بالتعاون مع مؤسسة قطر! تتضمن  "TED بالعربي" حلولاً، قصصًا، ووجهات نظر رائدة. لمعرفة المزيد يمكنكم زيارة موقعنا :  
#TED_بالعربي @QF 
How many pages should your resume be? 
Should you write that you were laid off? 
Your FAQ about CVs, answered: 
Sure, most meetings *could* probably be emails, but eliminating them all together is a false goal. Here's why — and how — you should make them better instead: 
Procrastination isn't about being lazy — it has way more to do with your self-worth. Here's why: 
In the 1950s, linguist Noam Chomsky proposed a theory that all languages share certain grammar rules. Was he right?  
A Talk about supermassive, hyperactive black holes that shoot powerful jet streams of particles right towards earth?! Count us in! ☄️ 
What can shows like "Days of Our Lives" teach us about our own lives — from a woman who used to cast them: 
Working from home taking a toll on your back and neck? This is how you *should* be sitting: 
These lethal predators equipped with serrated teeth and deadly venom ... could actually help save human lives: 
These 3 basic acting techniques can help you "perform" better — whether you're giving an important presentation or just negotiating your cable bill: 
To find out what's really going on with your kids, you need to drop the blame and shame — and lead with compassion: 
Face it: Your stuff will never bring you lasting happiness. Here's how to lighten the load: 

Deep sleep is the most regenerative stage of your night's sleep. Here's how to get more of it.

Watch Dan Gartenberg's full TED Talk here:  
The water that we use for drinking, bathing and cooking accounts for only 3.6% of global water consumption. So what's *really* draining the earth of this precious resource? 
When he was a child, @LeeMokobe prayed that God would "fix" him. Witness his spoken word performance about the meanings we force onto bodies and learning to love who you are: 
Want to be a more ethical consumer? Buying local might be the single greatest decision you could make: 
What happens when you hold a magnet over bran cereal? Or a dollar bill? Go to 8:24 to find out. 
When we teach our kids to "not see race," we're missing the point. Here's how to raise kids who aren't just "not racist" — but anti-racist: 
These reads are perfect for relaxing on the beach — or your lawn or your roof... 
.@Malala Yousafzai on how we all can support girls' education, who her heroes are, and the importance of empowering young activists: 
Corporations have a responsibility to help us build back after COVID-19. This is what companies, board members and CEOs must do — and how we can hold them accountable: 
White supremacy and extremism are sewn into the fabric of American history. Here's how one artist defused some of its most powerful symbols: 
Learn about the amazing benefits of being bilingual, trilingual, quadrilingual ... 
Are you celebrating — or are you appropriating? Here are 4 things to think about before borrowing from other cultures: 
Having evidence to back you up is great, but knowing how to use it effectively is key. 
How did dogs evolve from wolves competing with humans at the top of the food chain ... to becoming our pets? 
How to know when your dog is feeling anxious or scared — and even how to tell when other dogs might get aggressive: 
Here's how museums can help us navigate periods of great change: 
Dr. Jane Goodall (@JaneGoodallInst) on how she became an activist, how global communities are saving natural habitats — and the link between environmental destruction and COVID-19: 
This president was known as "Africa's Che Guevara." Learn about the amazing political career that earned him the nickname: 
Use the same tech that helps them disconnect to help them reconnect with world around them. 
Thandie Newton (@ThandieNewton) shares how acting freed her from judgement and shame — and shares how we can all live more authentically by finding our "essence": 
 
One study found that only 25 percent of college graduates work in a field related to their degree. 
It's easy to feel lonely these days — whether or not you're alone. These talks can help: 
Rather than asking "remember that time?", geronotologist Anne Basting has found a better way to break through to people living with dementia: Asking "beautiful questions."  

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
We promise these delivery robots aren't dystopian villains from a Hollywood blockbuster. Think less Terminator and more Wall-E — who bring you burritos: 
Here's how the arts are exposing inequity in the era of COVID, memorializing lives lost and recording this moment for future generations:  
Take a guess: What percent of people around the world actually wash their hands after using the restroom? 
All a kid needs is one person who trusts and believes in them, and then they feel they can do anything. Here's how to be that one person: 
❤️ Why are our hearts on the left? 
➡️ Why are our livers on the right? 
🧠 Why do the sides of our brain function differently? 
Turns out, you don't have to read all 300 of those Amazon reviews: 
Best-selling author @Elif_Safak explores the political power of storytelling, and how we can embrace uncertainty in turbulent times. 

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
How can tech companies weed out abuse in our digital communications — and also ensure our privacy? @WhatsApp head Will Cathcart (@wcathcart) shares his vision: 
When governments intervene only after big crises, it just sets us up for more crises. Here's what they should do instead: 
“I was Patient Zero of losing a personal reputation on a global scale almost instantaneously.” — @MonicaLewinsky 
While in space, astronauts often lose their sense of smell — which is responsible for around 80 percent of taste. What's a chef to do?!? 
Here's how they make white, milk and dark chocolate. Which is your favorite? #WorldChocolateDay  
These innovations could improve healthcare, speed up communications, and save endangered wildlife. Here's how we bring them down to earth: 
It may be tempting to shame and judge those who don't wear masks— but it actually doesn't help. There's a better way: 
Instead of "looking on the bright side," here's why you should acknowledge the dark side. 
"It would be our greatest shame to see our best ideas go unrealized and our brightest dreams go unreached all because we lacked the engine of confidence."

Watch the full TED Talk from Brittany Packnett Cunningham (@MsPackyetti) here:  
Need a break? Enjoy these two enchanting tunes — one old, one new — from singer-songwriter @rufuswainwright: 
Comedian-journalist @AdeolaFayehun says Africa has everything it needs to thrive, but corrupt leaders hold it back. Here's how she's holding them accountable — by roasting them: 
When you lead with the positive, you're actually going against what psychologists know about human nature: 
Torn about making vacation plans this summer? Here's how to assess your own risk for air travel during the time of COVID-19: 
Hint: It involves a global network of interconnected telescopes, an atomic clock and a whole lot of data. 
The opposite of a micro-manager is a coach. These are the 4 traits of a good one: 
Knowing more than one language may not make you smarter, but it does give your brain some remarkable advantages: 
What we know (and don't know) about viruses, pandemics and the vaccines that combat them: 
The glaciers in the Himalayans are melting at an alarming rate. Here's why we should all fight to save them: 
Did you know that some waves can travel across an entire ocean, taking more than a week to crash into the shore? Learn more about the science of hanging 10: 
Here's why you should try to be vulnerable online — even if it's scary. 

Watch @JonnySun's full TED Talk here:  
"Emotions create habits. Not repetition. Not frequency. Not fairy dust." — behavior scientist @bjfogg 
How to let go of "I don't have time," "I'll start next week," "I'm too out of shape to work out,"  and the other lies you've been telling yourself: 
Find your next binge-worthy TV show, thought-provoking podcast, beach read — and even cheese bread recipe! — here: 
What exactly do bacteria talk about? Attacking us! 😬 Here's why spying on them and translating their language could pave the way to stopping them before they can make us sick. 
"Students shouldn't be viewed as empty buckets to be filled with facts but as co-creators of knowledge." - @AlvinIrby 
Happy #July4th! Need a primer on American government? We've got you covered. 
What would a capitalist system that prioritizes the social good over profit look like? @AndrewYang has some ideas: 
Want to help empower marginalized people and communities? Here are 8 actions you can take right now, according to activist @Deray Mckesson: 
"There are millions of immigrants just like me, in front of me, behind me and all around me. It's our country, too." 
"A truly successful life is the one which is spent in the pursuit of becoming the best possible version of yourself when you take that last breath."

Watch the full TED Talk from Bhakti Sharma (@bhaktisharma4) here:  
How movies like "Spotlight" and "The King's Speech" and  "Juno" all got made, thanks to an anonymous email chain called The Black List: 
All hail this independent woman! 👑 When the queen wasp begins her reign, she builds a brand new home for herself — without any help!  
Turns out, an abandoned JCPenney's is actually quite creepy. 
"The US presidency is probably the most talked about and least understood office in the world." 
Having a birth certificate is a human right, but over one billion people don’t have one. Here's why this is a huge problem: 
These adaptable underwater structures can help restore our eroding shorelines — and they're powered by 🌊! 
From anti-racism advocacy to sci-fi, these books by Black authors are a great addition to your summer reading. 
Hearing history firsthand is powerful. These accounts offer a sobering reminder of what it takes to stand up to hatred. 
More CO2 *should* equal more food for plants, right? Here's why that isn't really a good thing. 
"Be mindful and pay attention and believe what Black trans people say about our own lives."

Watch D-L Stewart's full talk here:  
"Procrastination is not the desire to avoid work. It’s the desire to avoid feelings." — organizational psychologist @AdamMGrant

Learn how you can break free of this bad habit: 
Did you know 2% of the population has narcissistic personality disorder? Here's are some of its most common traits: 
"We push whole movements forward on the strength of our vision. We set trends and create new worlds. We are the vanguard. Black trans lives have always mattered." - @DrDLStewart 
There is no shortage of crises in our world  — so why don't they inspire us to take action? Here's how we can take shock and fear and turn it into lasting change, from author @NaomiAKlein: 
 
At least 3.4 billion phishing emails are sent out worldwide every day. Here's how to spot them: 
Exercise has the power to focus your attention, make you happier, and even protect you from some brain diseases:

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
6 talks on experimenting, exploring, and searching for answers to the world's biggest unknowns: 
Due to the high stakes and intense concentration required, translators at the UN have to work in pairs to interpret speeches in real time: 
"Are you willing to step into your discomfort and speak up when you witness hateful bigotry?" 
Thrilling page-turners, books for becoming your best you, and titles for when you just want a good laugh: 
Bill Gates offers fresh insight on how we should fight COVID-19 — and takes a moment to address some of the conspiracy theories: 
"Learning to live with uncertainty means walking forward into a life that is as full of beauty as it is of challenges." 
"I believe there is beauty in hearing the voices of people who haven't been heard." — artist Titus Kaphar (@Gagosian) 
Some of these careers have been invented only in the last few months! Here's what you need to know about the future of work: 
"In our modern technological age, when our very survival depends on discovery, innovation and science, it is critical that our scientists are free to undertake their work." — @KirstyDuncanMP 
Even though more than 100 women were hospitalized, this march brought national attention their cause: 
If you've ever caught yourself saying "sorry" to a chair you bumped into, this is for you. 
Here's how the internet has turned ordinary people into powerful leaders: 
5 different generations are interacting at work for the first time. Here’s how we can all work together: 
Who's resting more soundly: Those who have a bed partner or those who sleep solo? 
Indigenous foods are affordable, environmentally friendly and nutritious. So why are they disappearing from plates all over the world? 
Creative writing can help free up your mind and unburden your soul. Here's how to get started, in 3 steps: 
“The second most profound thought in my entire life was, 'No man is ever going to allow me to be a navigator on their boat.' That was the moment I thought, I’ve got something to fight for.” — @TracyEdwardsMBE 
"When it comes to trans women with limited resources, their femme can be the difference between life and death. So, I've got to ask: Why are we being shamed for our femme?" — @harinef 
"Once you know what you want, understand why you want it... Make sure you want it because there's something not that you should do, but something you must do." 

Watch @StaceyAbrams' full TED Talk here:  
Many policing departments in the US rely on software and AI to guide their crime prevention efforts. The problem: Poor neighborhoods — especially ones with Black and Latinx residents — end up being the target. 
Can yoga really decrease stress or help treat depression? Here's the truth behind the hype: 
"Many childfree patients in my practice have such 'What if' moments, and the images that come up for them have one thing in common — they’re overly idyllic." — psychologist @GuyWinch  
Here's what makes developing a COVID-19 vaccine different from other diseases — and why that gives some scientists hope: 
Architect Vishaan Chakrabarti (@VishaanNYCA) gives his vision for what cities could be — with affordable housing for everyone, efficient public transportation and a smaller carbon footprint: 
"Psychedelics, when used wisely, have the potential to help heal us, help inspire us, and perhaps even to help save us." — psychedelics expert @RickDoblin 
You can be an activist and work for social change — by making crafts (Yes, really). Here's how: 
Psychologist @kellymcgonigal explains why running makes you feel so good — and what you can do to evoke that feeling: 
No need to rinse out your eyes — here's what you're really seeing: 
"The end of my antigay picketing career and life as I knew it [was] triggered in part by strangers on Twitter who showed me the power of engaging the other."

Watch the full TED Talk from Megan Phelps-Roper (@meganphelps) here:  
To keep harassers out, this online forum created levels — like a video game. Most trolls don't make it past the first one. 
Being a "perfectionist" isn't something to brag about: 
Being bilingual can help you ward off dementia — and make you a better multitasker. 

Watch the full TED Talk from linguist @JohnHMcWhorter here:  
This activist-artist began buying up abandoned buildings on the South Side of Chicago to create more than 60 community spaces. He shares how any community can replicate their success: 
When this artist was put on trial, he didn't swear his innocence. In fact, his life depended on proving that he *had* committed fraud. Learn his amazing story here: 
How this artist uses his body to create art may shock you. Here are 8 of his most interesting creations: 
Here's how improvising or composing music can actually change the way that your brain functions: 
What are the best motivators for better health? Guilt, regret and loss: 
Use this simple yet profound tactic from Dr. @judbrewer the next time you're tempted to snack, smoke or check a text while driving: 
Here's how @mayasideas started her own business at just 8 years old: 
"There's always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. And there are always stories that restore it. If we live out loud, we can trounce the hatred."

Watch the full TED Talk from @Andrew_Solomon here:  #GlobalPride 
This organization shows how the food industry could improve education, build empathy and even transform global systems: 
"There are also stories of hope and courage in every corner of the world."  — filmmaker Jenni Chang #GlobalPride 
When you say someone is "articulate," what do you really mean? @jamila_lyiscott, a spoken word poet, tells us why each of the ways she speaks English is valid: 
"Epidemics emerge along the fissures of our society, reflecting not only biology, but more importantly patterns of marginalization, exclusion, discrimination." — @DrMaryTBasset 
Do you know how to recognize this "camouflaged" racism when you see it? 
When it comes to measuring an object's value, it's all about context: 
Got time to spare? Neither do we. Here are 24 quick reads that will fit into your life. 
"Women had been those who suffered most in our civil conflict, and women had been the ones to resolve it." — H.E. Ellen Johnson Sirleaf (@MaEllenSirleaf) 
You can fervently disagree with someone you love, and still preserve that relationship. Here are two strategies for working through difference: 
"The memorial also breaks ground by naming and honoring — in many cases for the first time — the thousands of African-American people who were robbed of their lives." 
"The worst thing an adult can do to a young person is tell them to accommodate their dreams or ideas to a reality." -@pfpicardi

Watch Phillip Picardi's full Talk on on coming out, taking chances and finding success by embracing your true self:   #Pride 
Want to avoid losing your kid to a screen? Try this: Join them. 
“When one person in a family transitions, the entire family transitions — whether they want to or not.”  
Women are the fastest-growing population in US prisons. Here's the disturbing reason why: 
Long-lasting batteries, vibrant screen colors and other ways that chemistry superpowers your smartphone: 
Due to their abuse by athletes, steroids have gotten a bad rap, but they can treat asthma attacks, poison ivy welts, even irritable bowel syndrome: 
For Dolly Parton's America, @Radiolab host @JadAbumrad interviewed the country legend 12 times. Here's how she changed his outlook on storytelling: 
We could cut carbon emissions in half by 2030 — and create millions of jobs in the process. Here's former VP @algore on what we need to do to make that happen: 
Childhood trauma is the biggest public health threat that no one is talking about. Here's why, from California Surgeon General Dr. Nadine Burke Harris (@DrBurkeHarris): 

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
Should scientists deliberately expose volunteers to the virus to more quickly develop a vaccine? This bioethicist thinks so. 
Virtual gatherings are the new norm. Facilitator @priyaparker shares 9 ways to make them more enjoyable for you — and everyone else: 
"If you want your job search to be successful, you have to address your negative feelings so they don’t sabotage your efforts." — psychologist @GuyWinch 
With most elections, the candidate with the highest number of votes wins. That's fair, right? Well, maybe not: 
How can we guard against the strange hidden judgements that our subconscious minds make every day? 
Musicians and actors receive royalties every time their song is heard or their movie is shown — why don't visual artists get paid the same? Hip-hop producer Swizz Beatz (@THEREALSWIZZZ) set out to fix that: 
3 practical tools for finding evidence you can actually trust: 
"Those who came before us didn't win every fight, but they didn't let it kill their vision. It fueled it. So I can't stop, and I'm asking you not to stop either."

Watch Tarana Burke's full Talk on the #MeToo movement and how to keep fighting for justice:  
"A country is strong when it says to the refugee, not 'Go away,' but 'It's OK, we've got you, you're safe.'" 
There are 3 ways to fight a pandemic. One of them is widely considered to be the best — and it may not be the one you think: 
Living openly as a LGBTQ person doesn't mean letting go of your heritage. 

How this artist brought hope to Flint with a photo series — and a 26,000-pound atmospheric water generator: 
 
Has your relationship been tested by the pandemic? These simple changes can help you nourish it: 
Nnedi Okorafor (@nnedi) was a college track star when she had to undergo corrective surgery for scoliosis. But when she woke up from the procedure, she couldn't move her legs. Here's how her hospital stay helped lead her to find her calling as a writer. 
Here's why you should continue to have a commute — even when you're working from home: 
“Every time we’ve been united, we’ve done things that have surprised the entire world, but when we’ve been divided, we’ve destroyed ourselves.” — Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani (@ashrafghani) 
For those times when your mind is racing and you just can't seem to settle down, try this simple breathing trick from psychiatrist Dr. Judson Brewer (@judbrewer). It takes only a few seconds! 

Learn more here:  
"While we are determined by history, we need not be trapped by history, and we need not be the victims of history." — historian Farish Ahmad-Noor 
As businesses, factories and transportation starts up again, so does air pollution. Here's how it hurts our bodies — and makes us dumber: 
Yes, ancestry tests rely on your DNA — but they come up short in some important ways. 
HIV drugs make the virus undetectable — and untransmittable. Here's how that works: 
Has WFH been brutal on your back? Here's the simple secret to maintaining a healthy posture when you're sitting: 
Why you should turn that weekly 30-minute Zoom call into a 10-minute check-in instead: 
When this Cameroon-born artist moved to Japan, he realized his new home's culture had a lot in common with his native one. 
Psychologist Angela Duckworth (@angeladuckw) answers 3 burning questions from the Class of 2020 about accepting feedback, bouncing back from failure, and the number 1 skill that new graduates need: 
Never underestimate the power of fans. 

Learn more about Yve Blake's mission to dispel stereotypes about "hysterical" fangirls:  
Thanks to apps that can track mask availability and other digital innovations, the country of Taiwan was able to avoid a COVID-19 shutdown. Here's how: 
The first potential Zika vaccine was created in 7 months — and the first potential COVID-19 vaccine was created in just 42 days. Here's how scientists speed up the process: 
Answers to some of the biggest questions about trans issues that you were too nervous to ask: 
These change makers have audacious dreams and bold solutions for some of our most pressing problems — and we’re so proud to join them in changing the world!  Learn more about TED’s @TheAudaciousPrj initiative here: 
By the end of 2019, 400M people were living in ultra poverty – living on less than $2/day. @BRAC uses multi-faceted, phased training in life and business skills to lift people out of the trap of ultra poverty for good:  @TheAudaciousPrj 
Humanity is facing a critical turning point for our planet, and all of the species in it. The goal of @ProjectCETI is to deepen our ties to animals by seeking to understand their communication – and eventually talk back:  @TheAudaciousPrj 
How is it possible that in an overly connected world 1 Billion people remain invisible? By mapping the last billion people @hotsom aims to support the work of humanitarians and health workers to reach those in need.  @TheAudaciousPrj 
The US healthcare system is difficult to navigate, and for low-income families, impossible to afford. @SIRUM provides Americans with affordable life-saving medication by redistributing unused medication that would otherwise be destroyed.  @TheAudaciousPrj 
This year’s #Audacious2020 cohort is here! We’re excited to celebrate these big ideas for solving some of the world’s biggest challenges. @TheAudaciousPrj [THREAD] 
"One of the best ways to fool other people into thinking you’re better than you actually are is to fool yourself first." — organizational psychologist Tomas Chamorro-Premuzic (@drtcp) 
“Success is not just having a mentor tell you or show you what to do. It’s a two-way relationship.” 
Because living well with depression takes practice. 
Adaptability is like a muscle — we have to exercise it. Here's how: 
Deciding what your child will call you, correcting people who misgender you, and how to live and parent authentically as a trans person: 
Even before that day on a Montgomery bus, Rosa Parks was a tireless civil rights activist and researcher. 
Here's one reason why you should be a parent (if you're not already):  "Babies have always represented humanity's best, boldest, most beautiful infinite possibilities." @WajahatAli 
"If we can teach young boys at an early age to look beyond their physical attributes and to look inward... we might have a world full of boys and men who are less obsessed with proving strength through how much space they occupy, control or destroy." 
"I want to tell you how difficult it is to tell someone they are both beautiful and endangered. So worthy of life, yet so despised for living." — poet Clint Smith (@ClintSmithIII) 
This father-daughter beatboxing jam session will put a smile on your face. 
Does a smile in New York City mean the same thing as a smile on the face of someone in a remote, isolated tribe? Scientists studied hours of footage from tribespeople to find out. 
Justin Baldoni (@justinbaldoni) has a challenge for men: "Are you strong enough to be sensitive, too?"

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
12 powerful talks that share personal stories of refugees starting over — and ideas on how countries can help them thrive:  #WorldRefugeeDay
79.5 million people — or 1 in 97 — were displaced as of the end of 2019, the highest number yet according to the UN. Here's how tech could help them:   #WorldRefugeeDay
"Neutrality, fear and silence often make you an accomplice in crime, abuse and injustice. And being an accomplice to power is never good journalism." — journalist and news anchor Jorge Ramos (@jorgeramosnews) 
You might be surprised to hear that this woman had a "great upbringing" at Kakuma Refugee Camp in Uganda — and even more to learn she went on to walk runways in Milan and NYC. @Kinglimaa #WorldRefugeeDay 
"Migrant" and "refugee" are actually not interchangeable terms. This is the difference — and here's why it matters: 
Eye-opening stat of the day: "False news was 70 percent more likely to be retweeted than the truth." 
2 warning signs that a country could be at risk: 1) Power is concentrated in an elite few; and 2) Propaganda spreads fear about foreign forces invading. 
"We understand the press will make the lives of our leaders a little bit harder. But that is as intended.” — lawyer and free press advocate Trevor Timm (@trevortimm) 
Here's how you can see the world as it actually as — not just as you think it should be: 
What if we could provide college degrees and a pathway to employment for refugee students? Turns out, we can! Since joining @TheAudaciousPrj in 2018, @SNHU’s GEM has provided no-cost education to over 1,400 refugee students in 5 countries.  #WorldRefugeeDay 
He wrote this letter after escaping slavery on the Underground Railroad — to get help for his wife and children who had been jailed in Virginia. 
This art installation gained national attention for its controversial use of the American flag —  and became the subject of a landmark case in the US Supreme Court: 
Inside the history of the Afro pick — from ancient Egypt (!) to the Civil Rights Movement to today: 
Spanning three continents and occurring from the late 15th to the mid-19th century, the Atlantic slave trade forcibly brought more than 10 million Africans to the Americas. Here’s how it still affects the Black community — and Africa as a whole: 
Do we have the courage to stand up to racial injustice? In this episode of #TEDxShorts Professor @meganfrancis talks about the history of systemic racism in the US and what we must do to dismantle it once and for all. Listen now on @Spotify:  @TEDx 
"You visit some plantations, and they’ll tell you about the architecture and decor and never once mention the name of a single Black person that built the house, or farmed or cooked the food. We have to change this." — culinary historian @KosherSoul 
The pair share how they inspire each other's work — and how they're challenging mainstream narratives about Black life and Black joy: 
He died at the age of 27 — but left behind a body of work that transformed the art world.  
Watch musician @JohnLegend perform “Redemption Song” by Bob Marley at TED2016. 

Then see his full talk about transforming the criminal justice system here:  
The best way to fight everyday and systemic bias? It's as simple as stopping — and thinking: 
Precisely tailoring vaccines for vulnerable populations, developing a flu vaccine you'd only have to get once and more updates from the field of fighting infectious diseases: 
“It was almost impossible as a refugee person to further my education and make my career” 

Saida is just one of the thousands of refugees fleeing political unrest who were granted a new start at life through @SNHU’s @TheAudaciousPrj-backed GEM initiative: 
From stopping pandemics to ending racism in the US and everything in between: Here are 23 essential summer reads from TED Speakers. 
Here's how the attacks on Pearl Harbor stoked racism and paranoia — and led to the unjust internment of Japanese-American citizens: 
How does cash bail reinforce racism in the US criminal justice system? By penalizing the poor and driving people to plead guilty — even when they're innocent. 
Why is the mortality rate of pregnant Black women still so high? Why do doctors continue to make decisions based on a patient's race? These 8 talks reveal how racism harms our mental and physical wellbeing: 
Here's how activists can harness their anger to inspire ideas and action, from Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Kailash Satyarthi (@k_satyarthi): 
Turns out, the thoughts we have in response to our first flare of anger are what can send us over the edge — or help us harness that emotion for good.  
"Ultimately, you judge the character of a society, not by how they treat their rich and the powerful and the privileged, but by how they treat the poor, the condemned, the incarcerated." — @eji_org

Watch Bryan Stevenson's full TED Talk here:  
Do you know what's in the generic drugs you take? This investigative journalists reveals the alarming answer: 
How partnerships between the financial, communications and tech sectors can help build a better post-pandemic future for developing countries: 
“There’s no system in power anywhere in this world that is begging for someone to come change it." — political strategist Symone D. Sanders 
One great way to prevent corruption? Teach kids leadership skills, from from environmentalist and advocate Wanjira Mathai  (@MathaiWanjira): 
Here's how Haiti became the first nation to permanently abolish slavery: 
This could be the *real* cause of your morning dread: 
How to make sense of all those Christopher Columbus statues and all that stuff named after him now... 
It's just plain confusing to our brains that we can be together while our bodies are not — and this dissonance is exhausting. 
 
How many of these Black women's names do you recognize? 

Watch this talk from Dr. Kimberlé Crenshaw (@sandylocks) on the importance of intersectionality here:  
In 1943, Allied aircraft dropped tens of thousands of anonymous leaflets on the people in Nazi Germany. Learn the amazing story — and tragic fates — of their authors: 
"Can I use a virtual background to hide my messy home?" and other frequently asked questions about interviewing in the age of COVID.

Do you have a positive or negative mindset? Here's why Seattle @Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson (@DangeRussWilson) says staying neutral has helped him — on the field and off: 
"There's no magic wand for correcting diversity and inclusion. Change happens one person at a time, one act at a time, one word at a time." — advocate and writer Melinda Epler (@mbrianaepler) 
You don't have to be a politician to write your rights into existence. Here are 8 tips for building a coalition, getting bipartisan support, and turning your cause into a successful bill, from activist Amanda Nguyen (@nguyen_amanda): 
 
There isn't just one way to fight injustice and  racism. Here are concrete ways that anyone can get involved: 
"Radicalization isn't this yes-or-no choice. It's a process, during which people have questions — about ideology, religion, the living conditions. And they're coming online for answers, which is an opportunity to reach them." — technologist @yasmind 
With this technology, government agencies could easily track people who go to protests, marches, even AA meetings. 

Watch the full talk from Kade Crockford (@onekade) on the danger of face surveillance here:  
"Resilience isn't some fixed trait. It's not elusive, that some people have and some people don't." 
This conflict resolution expert has led negotiations between companies, political factions and  gangs. Here's what every group can learn from him: 
"How do you reconcile this amazing, generous, welcoming, diverse country with these realities faced by some of our citizens?" 
Right now, many activists are feeling exhausted and drained from fighting for justice. Here's how to bounce back:

Be a better ally and friend by simply shifting how you respond: 
"Learning how power operates is key to being effective, being taken seriously, and not being taken advantage of."  — civic evangelist Eric Liu (@ericpliu) 
What's stopping you from innovating from within the organization where you work? Here's how to figure out what's getting in your way: 
"Bail was never, ever intended to create a two-tier system of justice: one for the rich and one for everybody else. But that is precisely what it has done." @bailproject

Watch Robin Steinberg's full TED Talk here:  
“Art and politics are the same thing. They’re both forms of advancing humanity.” — artist and activist @hankwthomas 
"When you want to challenge the powerful, you must change the story. You can use story to organize people and then allow them to organize themselves into the story." — author Eric Liu (@ericpliu) 
.@ACLU executive director @AnthonyACLU is calling on allies to play an active part in the efforts to dismantle systemic racism. 

Watch his full Talk here:  
These activists have imagined their marriage — as a transgender man and cis woman — a model of possibility for people of every kind: 
"While coming out to the world can be hard, coming in to all the raw, strange magic of ourselves can be much harder." — writer @CaseyGerald  
A quick guide to spotting sensational —and over-promising —  health headlines: 
In general, a good flag should be so simple that a child could draw it. Yet all of these standout flags break that rule, from @romanmars: #FlagDay 
"How does life change when you choose to be unapologetically yourself?"

Artist @daniellismore lives as a walking masterpiece, inspiring others to find the confidence to be who they truly are. Watch his full TED Talk here:  
How one scientist stumbled upon penicillin — a discovery that transformed medicine and saved countless lives: 
6 talks on the failures of cash bail, the need for police reform, and the racial inequality of the US criminal justice system: 
"I learned in Whitopia how a country can have racism without racists." — activist and writer Rich Benjamin (@IAmRichBenjamin) 
Building power and changing the system requires more than conversations and retweets, says @RashadRobinson, President of @ColorofChange

Watch his full talk here:  
"We have put faith in a system that sometimes is broken, hoping that it would give us solutions for better. But we cannot walk away. Because there is a better way." — activist and former police officer Dr. Tracie Keesee 
 
In these turbulent times, it's more important than ever to check in on yourself. 
In 2014, the police shooting of Michael Brown ignited protests in Ferguson, Missouri. Here's what filmmaker Damon Davis (@heartacheNpaint) learned while documenting these events:  
Is it better to take one long flight or two shorter flights? What's the safest seat to sit in? Here's what you should know about flying in the COVID-19 era.  
"If lobbying works for corporations, there shouldn’t be any reason why it shouldn’t work for all of us." 
“The process of picking up a pen... giving myself permission to let go of all thoughts, all fears, insecurities, anything that would get in the way of allowing myself to be completely free — that became my way of experiencing freedom.” — @shantell_martin 
Today, it's not enough to simply be *not racist*; here's why we should all strive to be antiracist, from Ibram X. Kendi (@DrIbram):

Watch his full talk here:  
@rgay Good afternoon — we apologize for this error! The tweet has been deleted and a corrected one has been shared.
Roxane Gay (@rgay) shares her vision for a more inclusive, imperfect feminism: 
"To every black, Latina, indigenous, First Nation, or any other woman or girl who finds herself resting at the blessed intersection of race and gender, you can be anything you want to be." — astrophysicist @JedidahIslerPhD 
Farmed seafood has the same sustainability and environmental problems as traditional agriculture. Here's how we can transform the industry: 
By raising wages, lowering healthcare costs, and making every full-time employee a shareholder, PayPal has seen great results. Here's how they got there: 
"If schools are to become locations for healing, we have to remove police officers and increase the number of counselors." 
If we want our children to grow up to be thoughtful and engaged citizens, we should help them be part of social change now: 
Life isn't as simple as a multiple-choice exam. Here's how we can teach kids to tackle problems that might not have right or wrong answers: 
If giant social media and tech companies were collecting and selling your children's data, wouldn't you want to know about it? Well, they are. And you should. 
Millions of Americans are living in food deserts, without access to affordable and nutritious food. This renegade gardener is changing that.

Watch Ron Finley's full TED Talk here:  
Here's a radical, community-based way to fight mass incarceration: Pay bail for those who can't afford it. @bailproject 
"We are more than our fear. We are also our intentions, our wisdom, our compassion." — psychologist @SusanDavid_PhD 
Here's a tangible, actionable way to start creating moments of inclusion at your organization: 
A radio host shares the most important things she's learned about conversation from decades of talking to people: 
Three simple strategies for turning awareness into action — and making protest more effective: 
"When it comes to race relations, sometimes, we've got to know how to pray, think through, process, prepare. And other times, we've got to know how to push, how to do something." 
"If you believe that things can be better, then you have the option to do something rather than to do nothing." — Yvonne Aki-Sawyerr (@yakisawyerr), mayor of Freetown, Sierra Leone 
From World War I until the 1970s, millions of Black Americans fled the South. Here's how the Great Migration made the contributions of Toni Morrison, Louis Armstrong, and other black icons possible. 

Watch Isabel Wilkerson's full TED Talk here:  
To move forward, we must uproot systems of oppression and violence towards Black communities, says Dr. @BerniceKing, community builder and daughter of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Watch her full talk:  
.@CarolineMoss’ podcast episode features Danni Mullen, the owner of Chicago’s only black woman-owned bookstore @SemicolonChi. Learn why Danni has raised almost $100k to make sure kids who can’t afford books can still shop in her store.  (3/3)
We loved this amazing episode of @NPRItsBeenAMin, especially @SamSanders’ moving conversation with his Aunt Betty, comparing the current protests to her experience growing up during the Civil Rights Movement.  (2/3)
“I feel safe even in the midst of my enemies; for the truth is powerful and will prevail." — Sojourner Truth 
"Change is possible. Just look at the terrorist who became a peace activist. Or look at the bully who learned to apologize to her victim." — @sallykohn 
You use Wikipedia all the time, but did you know about one of its biggest blindspots? Here's how to help rectify it, according to @jesswade: 
What are the best ways to practice nonviolent resistance? Besides street protests, here are other creative strategies to consider: 

Pausing before your react gives you the chance to answer two important questions: "How do I want to be seen, talked about, and experienced?" and "What would I do if someone I respect were watching me?" 
The 3 traits are humility, hunger and smarts. Do you have them all? 
"The heartbeat of racism is denial, and the heartbeat of antiracism is confession." — Ibram X. Kendi, history professor (@DrIbram) 
Here's how the pandemic could help us create a green economy — creating jobs that last while also building a cleaner world: 
Four racial justice leaders — @DrPhilGoff, @BerniceKing, @rashadrobinson and @AnthonyACLU — share their insights on what makes this movement different, how we can unite against racism, and what gives them hope. 

Watch the full roundtable here:  
What gives something as simple as a piece of cloth so much power? 
"There is something about being Black in America that has made motherhood sound like mourning." 
What can you do to create an anti-racist country? In this episode of #TEDxShorts @RachelCargle speaks on the accountability, allyship and action needed from white people to dismantle racism. 

Listen to @TEDx's new podcast on @ApplePodcasts:  
After escaping slavery, Harriet Tubman returned to the South 13 times to free her niece, brothers, parents and many others. And that's only part of her amazing story:

Here's how the Civil Rights Movement paved the way for the Stonewall riots, the fight for gay marriage and more: 
"I say: Low guilt, but high responsibility. Once you know these biases are wrong, what do you want to do about it?" 
One of the most powerful tools for breaking through to people with different beliefs? Asking questions. 
Suggestion to leaders: Every day, take 5-10 minutes to think about the challenges you’ve just handled and the ones you’ll soon face. 
.@DrPhilGoff from @PolicingEquity on racism in the US — and where we go from here. Watch his full Talk:  
Want to read more books by Black authors? Here are some picks to get you started! 
As many countries around the world look at re-opening, here's why the "green recovery" must be powered by both political leaders and citizens: 
"The world will say to you, 'We need to end racism.' Start by healing it in your own family." — poet Cleo Wade (@withlovecleo) 
We can't be afraid to talk about race, especially in the workplace.

Watch @MellodyHobson's full talk here:  
"I believe that business is in a position to do something that no other entity can do. Business can dismantle racism." 
Is the future of agriculture... aquaculture? #WorldOceansDay 
Most sci-fi works feature white, male heroes who blast aliens or become saviors of brown people. This visionary author upended the genre by writing diverse characters for diverse audiences: 
There's one tiny plastic that ocean experts want to ban even more than straws. Learn what it is — and remove it from your life: #WorldOceansDay  
"It has been transformative to use the power I was never taught that I had, in the service of kinder, fairer, and more compassionate life for everyone." 
"We need to have conversations, difficult conversations, and fight for the hearts and minds of those who oppose us." 
Watch this talk, and you'll be surprised by how much your language can shape your perspective. 
Nonprofit and NGO professionals: Learn from these amazing leaders about how you can handle burnout yet still make change happen: @TheAudaciousPrj 
Be honest with yourself: Are you someone who embraces change and evolves with it? Or, do you find tend to retreat and stick with what you know? 
“A lot of people are told to stifle their imaginations, just in order to get by. Science fiction does the exact opposite.” — novelist @Nnedi Okorafor 
Most of us have had our minds go blank during a major exam or presentation. Here's why that happens — and what you can do about it:  
This is what Judge Victoria Pratt learned while presiding over the so-called "worst" courtroom in Newark.

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
"Leadership, at its core, isn’t about you. It’s about how effective you are at unleashing other people. Full stop."  
"It's in that space where softness and vulnerability meet strength that we transcend our everyday selves, that we become something greater, something majestic, maybe even something super." — writer Gabby Rivera (@QuirkyRican) 
Coming out is different for everyone. Here are 8 inspiring and diverse LGBTQ stories from TED speakers: 
"From Harriet Tubman to the women in Montgomery, when Black women walk, things change."  — T. Morgan Dixon (@MorganTreks) and Vanessa Garrison (@VanessaTreks) @GirlTrek @TheAudaciousPrj 
 
In a workplace study, 83 percent of all the gay, lesbian and bisexual employees admitted to changing some aspects of themselves so they would not appear at work "too gay." 
Are you a rule-follower or a rule-defier? Here's a psychological look at why some people resist COVID-19 restrictions: 
If you see selfish traits in your kid, don't freak out. They weren't born that way — and they can definitely change. 
Here's why you should add the works of James Baldwin to your reading list ASAP: 
“Most people assume that you're biologically either a man or a woman, but it's actually a lot more complex than that.” 
Because workplace drama continues — even if you're working from home... 
From the aftershocks of segregation to the 2008 financial crisis, writer and advocate Heather McGhee (@hmcghee) explains how racism ends up hurting everyone: 
.@TEDCountdown is thrilled to be partnering with @COP26 and @UNFCCC for #RaceToZero.  #WorldEnvironmentDay 
"For many people who don't understand racism, the problem is not a lack of knowledge to talk about the pain of white supremacy and oppression; it's that they don't recognize that that pain exists at all." 
Ida B. Wells was born into slavery but grew up to become a school teacher, investigative journalist and, finally, a leader in the civil rights and women’s suffrage movements. This is her story: 
"The story of police brutality and killings of unarmed Blacks is not a story about Black people. It's a story about all of us,
about racial progress and the stubborn durability of American racism." — Megan Ming Francis (@meganfrancis), political scientist 
Identifying people who may have been exposed to the coronavirus is one of the key ways to fight this pandemic. Here's how we can ramp it up and slow COVID-19's spread: 
Unsure how to talk to your kids about race and racism? Here's how to start, according to a fourth-grade teacher: 
In 2018, 130 million girls around the world were not in school. Just imagine all that could be accomplished if they were able to realize their potential: 
A list of specific things you can do to prevent you from suffering too: 
Learn about the new tech from Google and Apple that powers COVID-19 contact tracing, in this conversation with Google's Chief Health Office Karen DeSalvo (@KBDeSalvo): 
The work of artist Titus Kaphar is featured on the cover of next week's @TIME magazine. In his 2017 talk, he shows his process of altering centuries-old paintings to spotlight the forgotten Black characters of history:  
A sobering stat: In the US, White people who have graduated from high school live longer than Black people with a college degree or more education. 
"It’s a daunting task and painful chore to address our history, but if we don’t, the elephants in the room get bigger and stronger." — Paul Rucker (@blackcellist), artist and @TEDFellow 
"If we truly believe in equal rights and equal opportunity in America, we have to have real conversations about race." — @MellodyHobson, co-CEO and President of Ariel Investments 
A poem from @ClintSmithIII on the experience — and pain — of being the only Black kid in class: 
You might have heard the term "intersectional feminism" — here's what it means and why it's important, from civil rights advocate Kimberlé Crenshaw (@sandylocks): 
Some dos and don'ts to help you talk to friends who are struggling right now: 
We do not move on from loss; we move forward. 
"All comfort has done is maintain the status quo. So we've got to get comfortable with being uncomfortable by speaking these hard truths when they're necessary" —@Luvvie Ajayi

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Looking for ways to educate yourself on racism and race in the US? Watch these talks: 
"What if we placed freedom from racist violence at the crux of what it means to be free and equal in the United States?" - @meganfrancis

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
"If we are going to move forward, we are going to have to deconstruct the systems of violence. " — Dr. @BerniceKing

Watch a powerful discussion on the movement for racial justice in the US with @DrPhilGoff, Dr. King, @RashadRobinson and @AnthonyACLU: 
"Our history has scarred us, it has bruised us, and it has injured us, but when we tell the truth about our history, we can change things." — lawyer Bryan Stevenson, Equal Justice Initiative (@eji_org) 
"Trying to solve racism feels impossible because our definition of racism makes it impossible — but it doesn't have to be that way." — @DrPhilGoff, Center for Policing Equity (@PolicingEquity)@TheAudaciousPrj 
This #PrideMonth, let's honor the diversity of the LGBTQ experience all over the world: 
Lawyer Bryan Stevenson (@eji_org) has dedicated his life to representing the marginalized and wrongly accused. Here, he explains how racism and the US criminal justice system are woven together: 
Did you know that the iron lung led to the ventilators saving people's lives today? 

Wear layers, bring your medications, and other advice for protestors (including what to do if you get detained by law enforcement): 
"These are the sorts of messages I've been inundated with my entire life: Always keep your hands where they can see them, don't move too quickly, take off your hood when the sun goes down."

Watch @ClintSmithIII's full TED Talk:  
"Speaking truths to power should not be sacrificial, but they are. But I think if more of us chose to do this for the greater good, we'd be in better spaces than we are right now." — writer @Luvvie Ajayi  
We invite you to use our archive of powerful ideas from experts and thought leaders as a starting point to understand the roots of racism, its painful consequences — and how we can combat it together: 
TED believes that Black lives matter and that each of us has a role to play in opposing racism, injustice and oppression. 
It's more than OK to feel angry right now — here's how you can channel your rage in a beautiful and powerful way: 
"Every day, all around us, we see the consequences of silence manifest themselves in the form of discrimination, violence, genocide and war." — @ClintSmithIII, poet and educator  
"Trans people are not new. Gender variance is older than you think." 

This #PrideMonth, learn about the long and beautiful history of the transgender community. Watch the full TED Talk here:  
"In 99 out of 100 domestic violence cases, financial abuse helps keep victims trapped in their relationship." 
"What is the work you can't not do? Discover that, live it, not just for you, but for everybody around you, because that is what starts to change the world." 
Everyone is on a spectrum between precrastinator and procrastinator, says organizational psychologist @AdamMGrant. Where do you fall? Take this quiz.  
Could this be why you're so tired?  
Turns out, there's a critical period for learning languages — and it's before we turn 7.  
Here's why we see patterns in almost everything — even if they don't mean anything: 
This explains why you feel so proud after building IKEA furniture. Psychology professor @danariely explains how to take that feeling — and use it to increase your satisfaction:  
The director of "Crazy Rich Asians" on how the film became a blockbuster success — against the odds: #APAHM 
"We live in a society that's so obsessed with black death. We have images of our death on the TV screen, on our Twitter timelines... What if instead we imagine black life? We imagine black people living and thriving." — Patrisse Cullors (@OsopePatrisse) 
Not sure if you should toss, regift, donate or sell your unwanted items? Here's how to sort it all out: 
This artist makes intricate paintings — with the help of a small army of robots. Take a look.

Watch Sougwen Chung's full TED Talk here:  
"Being human doesn't happen despite suffering — it happens within it." — Dr. Lucy Kalanithi (@rocketgirlmd) 
🚨 Adorable Panda Photos 🚨 
Why does your cat always find the highest piece of furniture in the room to sit on?!? 
⚠️ Warning ⚠️ This one's a brain bender.  
When you're grieving a loved one, creating thoughtful rituals can help you remember them. Here's how: 
Online fundraisers are springing up to pay the bail of protesters in Minneapolis and other cities. The @BailProject is aiming to do that on a larger scale, with a national bail fund to fight mass incarceration: @TheAudaciousPrj 
This graphic designer is using the power of play to make learning Arabic more accessible: 
Why online giants like Amazon and Uber should work with — and not against — their local competitors: 
Even though losses like these aren't as devastating as losing a loved one, we still should take time grieve them. Here's how: 
.@Baratunde shares his database of news stories about white people calling the police on innocent black people — and reveals how we can change the narrative.

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
Take a deep breath — and then press play. 
If a headline says shark attacks have doubled in the past year, that's pretty scary, right? Not if there was only 1 shark attack last year.  
Not all headaches are created equal. Here's the difference between a head-pounding hangover and the more mysterious migraine: 
Try this simple trick to focus your senses and cut through your feelings of anxiety: 
“Everyone should know whether or not their employees have the wherewithal to be able to save, to withstand financial shocks, and then really understand, What can you do about it?”  — Dan Schulman, PayPal CEO  
"Every adoption starts with loss, and every child is affected differently. Children who are adopted can live full, rich lives, as we accept and build upon this unique set of cards that we were dealt." 
8 straightforward actions that white people can take to fight racism, from activist and organizer @Deray Mckesson:  
"Trying to solve racism feels impossible because our definition of racism makes it impossible — but it doesn't have to be that way." — justice scientist @DrPhilGoff @TheAudaciousPrj 
How do you heal from burnout? Psychologist @SusanDavid_PhD shares advice to help you take care of yourself when you're feeling depleted. 

Listen to #CheckingIn on TuneIn or wherever you get your podcasts:  
"Self-compassion is a necessary part of our journey. It’s about recognizing that you are doing the best you can — with who you are, with what you’ve got, and with the resources that you’ve been given." — psychologist @SusanDavid_PhD  
"Because of the heroes that I have and the struggles that we've gone through, I can stand before you as a gay Japanese-American, but even more than that, I am a proud American." — actor @GeorgeTakei #APAHM 
A communication expert reveals the 7 bad habits that are preventing you from really being heard: 
When Walt Whitman wrote, “I contain multitudes,” he wasn't kidding. The average human body is estimated to contain 37.2 *trillion* cells! 
There are actually hundreds of coronaviruses, but only seven of them infect humans. Here's what makes this one so different: 
No need to break out the calculator for this one — it's actually much simpler to figure out than you think: 
"If you're depressed or anxious, you're not weak and you're not crazy — you're a human being with unmet needs." — Johann Hari (@johannhari101)  
2020: The year where you can watch yourself giving your own TED Talk live with the community (featuring #TED2020 speaker @arielwaldman). Digital conferences do have their perks! Are you watching TED2020 live with us tonight? Show us your set up! 
Try these tips from ER physician Darria Long the next time you're feeling completely overwhelmed. 

For more on how to handle your "crazy busy" schedule, watch the full talk here:  
"We typically date a number of people and have a bunch of relationships before we ... settle down. The same is true of finding a career: You might need to 'date' various subjects and industries before you find the right one." — psychologist @GuyWinch 
Did you know, a mix of introverts and extroverts makes a team stronger? Learn how to navigate personality differences at work with #WorkLife host @AdamMGrant and @EstherPerel, host of “How’s Work?”

Listen to #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant on Apple Podcasts:   
These glasses promise to be the "bifocals of the future," tracking your eyes to help you better focus on things near *and* far: 
That mini-telescope he's holding? It's made of 125 teeny-tiny pieces of metal, wood and glass.  
How to start the conversation that can help you find your next job: 
Your sense of smell is the first sense you use when you're born, and 1 out of every 50 of your genes is dedicated to it. 
Vultures do not deserve their bad rap. Here's why: 
"People don't buy what you do; people buy why you do it." — @simonsinek  
"Today's hyper-anxious youth are not being helped by overly protective parenting." — psychologist Anne Marie Albano 
This is the kind of public health system that's needed to lead us out of the pandemic — and prevent future ones: 
Excited about today's #SpaceX launch? Check out this TED interview from 2018 with president/COO Gwynne Shotwell discussing Falcon Heavy and other milestones that led up to today's flight: 
Journalist @AndrewMarantz shares what social media companies — and you — can do to make the internet less toxic place: 
We think of learning as a human trait, but animals do it, too — from whales and elephants to parrots and songbirds. In this read, ecologist @carlsafina takes you deep into animal culture. 
And learn why we put wedding bands on our fourth fingers:  
Confused about the difference between the coronavirus diagnostic test and the coronavirus antibody test? We're here to clear it up: 
Feel like life is rushing by you? Here's how you can make each moment more memorable *and* enjoyable:
 
This post-COVID approach is simple: 4 days at work, followed by 10 days at home. And it's already been adopted by companies and countries. 
"We're all hallucinating all the time, including right now. It's just that when we agree about our hallucinations, we call that reality."

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
"If there was ever a moment to awaken to the reality that everything is connected to everything else, it's right now." — conservationist and former @Patagonia CEO Kristine Tompkins 
"I walk around in fear  because I know that someone seeing me as a threat can become a threat to my life, and I am tired." — @Baratunde 
Dear Class of 2020 — thank you for your wonderful talk submissions — we love them! Reminder: It's not too late. If you or someone you know is graduating this year, post your video with the hashtag #GraduaTEDTalk and you might be featured!  @TED_ED 
What was your 16th birthday like? Great, now, what did you have for lunch last week? 
Is god a woman? We don't know, but this painting from the iconic @ArianaGrande video had us believing:  @AlexaMeadeArt
Nothing is more satisfying than seeing these 52,901 dots connected: 
Yes, buildings and memorials can be a transformative engine for change. Here's how: 
Violent conflict leaves wounds — visible and invisible. Here's how we all heal: 
What makes you remembered after you die? A data scientist combed through more than 2,000 @NYTObits to find out: 
How art therapy is helping veterans with traumatic brain injuries work through the painful experiences of their pasts. 
Shockingly, more US veterans die by suicide than in combat. This #MemorialDay, let's honor those we've lost — and take concrete steps to prioritize military members' mental health before, during and after service. 

Watch Charles P. Smith's full talk here:  
"Let's stop thinking about giving as just this moral obligation, and start thinking of it as a source of pleasure." 
Take a break and enjoy these colorful, inspiring illustrations of hope from 50 artists from 20 countries around the world: 
Speaking a new language can be way easier — here are the two things that may be holding you back: 
So many local businesses are struggling today, and here's an innovative idea that could help them. 
Every twentysomething needs to hear this advice. 

Watch Meg Jay's full TED Talk here:  
Is it possible for animals to "catfish" each other? Kind of! 
By replicating the natural cement of creatures like barnacles and mussels, scientists are making adhesives that are even stronger than superglue: 
Here's how to shake off nasty comments online — and know when to fight back: 
Here's why the phrase "Thank you for your service" just isn't enough, according to veteran Wes Moore (@iamwesmoore): 
Need a recommendation for a great book to read? Here are 135! 
The giant squid is as tall as a two-story house — and the footage of one attacking the camera is incredible: 
"Islam doesn’t explain me, Iranian poetry doesn’t explain me, and apple pie doesn’t explain me. And yet I understand all of those things." — comedian and @TEDFellow, @NeginFarsad 
"Our communities are so damn unique and so damn beautiful," says this Muslim filmmaker, blogger and butcher. Here, he gives us a peek:  
Reflect and look inward with these talks for introverts, misfits and those curious about their own minds: 
 
It's not just you — a social psychologist shares why it's actually harder for our minds to look on the bright side.  
This is where a firefly gets its glow from: 
Jaw-dropping closeups of rainbow-colored birds, fierce lions and more: 
Do you have terrible rhythm? This simple shift in looking at music could help you catch the beat: 
"My company was 204 Marines and sailors strong. As I looked at and I talked to Marines from my unit, what we came up with is we are well in excess of a dozen of our members that committed suicide." — veteran and advocate Charles P. Smith 
"Once we dispense with shame, we are liberated to experience the full, sacred, unlikely wackiness of being human." — media theorist Douglas Rushkoff (@rushkoff) 
You know what? You *are* good enough. Here's how to embrace your inner superhero: 
"My identity is not my obstacle. My identity is my superpower. Because the truth is, I am what the world looks like. You are what the world looks like." — @AmericaFerrera 

Watch America's full TED Talk here:  
During hard times, is it possible to have acceptance *and* hope? Yes, and here's how: 
How can this species of beetle produce 200-degree poison in their abdomen without boiling themselves?!? 
Here's what the most effective arguments all have in common: 
Most of us eat to keep our bodies healthy, but we don't always focus on what's best for our brains. Here's what to eat more of (and less of): 
Connecting with those have Alzheimers and dementia is difficult when conversations rely on past memories. Here's how "beautiful questions" can help you better connect with loved ones: 
If you've been struggling with loneliness, know you're not the only one. @SusanDavid_PhD shares how you can mitigate the feeling of loneliness, and explores what makes meaningful connections. 

Listen to Checking In on Castbox or wherever you listen.  
The tardigrade is a micro-animal — yes, those are a thing — that can live without water for decades and even survive in outer space. What the heck is it?!? 
"For many people who don't understand racism, the problem is not a lack of knowledge to talk about the pain of white supremacy and oppression; it's that they don't recognize that that pain exists at all." 
"The person you are right now is as transient, as fleeting and as temporary as all the people you've ever been. The one constant in our life is change." — Dan Gilbert, psychology researcher

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
"What are the things you’ve stopped doing, to make room for what you love?" Psychologist @AdamMGrant tells us what he's shed to clear space for the good stuff.  
"There are not 'schizophrenics.' There are people with schizophrenia, and these people may be your spouse, they may be your child, they may be your neighbor, they may be your friend, they may be your coworker." 
Forget book clubs! Here's why — and how — you should start a talking-about-sex club, according to an intimacy coach: 
All Zoomed out? You're not alone: 
Sea animals commonly change sexes — sometimes going back and forth between genders — to reproduce. And that's the *least* surprising fact in this talk: 
"I never once thought of myself as a battered wife. Instead, I was a very strong woman in love with a deeply troubled man." — writer and advocate Leslie Morgan Steiner

Watch Leslie's entire TED Talk about domestic violence here:  
How DnD can help you combat the challenges of reality (yes, really): 
Happy #WorldBeeDay! 

Here's one thing we can learn from these amazing, indispensable insects: No contribution is ever too small. 
Take a break from the news feed and unwind with these relaxing talks: 
Fun fact: It would take a sloth about five minutes to cross an average neighborhood street. 
And how you can actually outsmart them: 
It's awkward to tell you this on Twitter, but... 
These experimental, cutting-edge treatments might be able to delete our most traumatic and painful memories. Here's how they work: 
Some of the most successful responses to the pandemic have come from countries led by women. 

In a talk from this year's TED conference, Kristalina Georgieva (@KGeorgieva) explains how the IMF (@IMFNews) is keeping the global economy afloat:   #TED2020 
"Privacy is not the enemy of safety. It is its guarantor."

Watch Kade Crockford's full talk on the dangers of face surveillance here:  
This is how the opioid addiction crisis started: 
"Dying and death confront every new doctor and nurse. The first times, some cry. Some shut down. Some hardly notice." — writer and physician @Atul_Gawande  
Struggling to explain science or tech concepts to your kids? Here's how to talk about complex subjects in a way they'll understand: 
Thanks @RollingStone for featuring #GraduaTEDTalk! Learn more about how you can get involved:  
Inside the MIT Mystery Hunt, the "Olympics meets Burning Man" for puzzlers: 
 
Autonomous cars will be able to see 100 times better than humans with 20/20 vision — here's how: 
The best way to fight the stigma of mental illness? It's humor, says comedian Ruby Wax (@Rubywax): #MentalHealthAwarenessMonth 
Has your relationship been, er, challenged by the pandemic? This list of books and podcasts can help. 
You are your only competition. #MondayMotivation 
"The secret to high performance isn't rewards and punishments, but that unseen intrinsic drive — the drive to do things for their own sake, the drive to do things cause they matter." — @DanielPink #MotivationMonday 
Scent could be used to shift our emotional states, disrupt cravings, even help treat addiction: 
For more than 80 years, this famous study has tracked the lives of 724 men — and this was the strongest predictor they found of a happy and healthy life.

Watch Robert Waldinger's full TED Talk here:  
Unsure what to ask? Check out her TED Talk:  #GraduaTEDTalk
Are you graduating and worried about life in the "real world"? Psychologist Angela Lee Duckworth (@angeladuckw) will answer your questions on success, failure, grit and more in a future video. Tweet us your Q's! #GraduaTEDTalk 
Publishers are FURIOUS with this @TED_Ed lesson about clickbait (see what we did there?). Learn why: 
Unleash your creative side — and yes, we all have one — with these simple tips: 
What do cave paintings and the Nike swoosh have in common? It's all about branding:  
News flash! Our personalities aren't fixed — and we can even fix our most stubborn traits through our actions. Here's how: 
"Remember, bipolar disorder is a medical condition, not a person's fault, or their whole identity." — psychiatrist @HelenMFarrellMD #MentalHealthAwarenessMonth 
Here's why you should call your mom or dad and ask them for that old family recipe... 
Try crouching down in your home and looking at things from your dog's point-of-view — or your cat's. (There's a good reason, we promise!) 
“Basic income is not a favor, but a right.”

Watch the full TED Talk from @rcbregman to learn more about the case for basic universal income:  
In 6 questions, learn which talk best fits your personality: 
To fully understand sexual consent and sexual abuse, we have to eliminate this myth: 
Really weird fact of the day: Some sea cucumbers have teeth around their anus. Learn more here: 
 
Has a doctor ever asked you to describe your pain from 0 to 10? Turns out, that's a terrible way to treat pain: 
And you thought human flirting was complicated ...

Learn more about the amazing abilities of octopus and squids here:  
Forget GDP — this economy places factors like equal pay, childcare and mental health at the center: 
Inspiring talks on making the most of your twenties, redefining success, and the power of grit: 
"When people hear mentally ill, they think crazy; when people think depressed, they think sad; when people hear anxiety they think very very scared all the time. And for some people, that is their truth, but it's not for mine." — @JordanRasko 
Here's a simple tool to prevent you from blowing up at your kids, friends, partner, coworkers, that person in the store, the world... 
When you make sourdough bread from scratch, your body and your home literally flavors the end result — which is much less gross than it sounds: 
Does the right side of your brain really control creativity? Science says no — so where did this myth come from? 
Learn the common mistakes that beginning gardeners make — plus some easy-to-grow plants that can thrive even indoors: 
“Sometimes we think language is about understanding the meaning of a word, but I believe language is about making a word meaningful for yourself.” — Poet Ali 
It's possible to stop misinformation on the internet — without harming our freedom of expression. Here's how, from Claire Wardle (@cward1e): 
It's human to get angry — but what's really important is how we think about our anger: 
Mayor @MichaelDTubbs of Stockton, California asks an important question: "What are we prepared to do today to create a better, more equal future?" 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
This is the real reason that people and governments are so easily corrupted — and how we can stop it: 
 
What's the sound of one hand clapping? Well, this won't answer that koan — but it will tell you what we can all learn from them. 
"[Racism is] making our economy worse, and not just in ways that disadvantage people of color... Racism is bad for white people, too." — Heather McGhee 

Watch the full talk from @hmcghee here:  
"No matter what job we have, we must never forget to recognize the humanity in others. Otherwise, we will lose our own humanity." 
A handful of crayons can take the edge off... 
"You need to make a personal decision to stand up for truth. You need to make a personal decision for yourself to say, 'This is accurate, this is what's real, and these lies are not OK.'" 
Turns out all the stress that you caused your parents *did* give them gray hairs. 
It's like learning a new language — but one that we all need to be fluent in. 
9 talks on how you can start to move forward again: 
Because of all the tourists who keep lifting it up, right? Nope, there's actually another reason: 
"Empathy without action risks reinforcing the status quo." — Jacqueline Novogratz, founder and CEO of Acumen (@jnovogratz) 
#ICYMI: We're asking for advice &amp; well-wishes for the Class of 2020 using the hashtag #GraduaTEDTalk. Need some inspiration? Here are some wise words from TED speakers on living a happy, successful life: 
"We all get nervous. We all get scared, but it's what you do next that matters." — emergency physician Darria Long (@DrDarria) 
Self-compassion is the key to resilience in challenging times. Work on being kinder to yourself with these self-soothing exercises from researcher @self_compassion. 

Listen to #CheckingIn with @SusanDavid_PhD on Apple Podcasts to learn more:  
#EarthSchool is in session! Here's the original science guy himself @BillNye to tell you why it's not too late to join in on this interactive, educational journey through nature from @TED_ED and @UNEP  
"Given the variety of things that can happen on a road — parades, escaped emus, downed electrical lines ... lava and sinkholes — it’s inevitable something will occur that an AI never saw in training." — AI researcher @JanelleCShane 
Did you know that during the Age of Exploration, ships would put brandy in the drinking water to keep it fresh? 
You probably already know them — and it's possible for one mentor to cover multiple areas. 
 
Plus, the scientific reason you shouldn't drink on an empty stomach: 
Reading brain wave patterns could help treat ADHD — and allow us to communicate with people who can no longer speak: 
 
Graduates and well-wishers, we want to hear from you! Learn more about how you can get involved in #GraduaTEDTalk: 
“When you listen to your inner voice, you be yourself.” Great advice, Sophiko! Thanks for sending your well-wishes to the Class of 2020! #GraduaTEDTalk 
“It is everyday people like you and I that can create change.” Yes, Manu — we agree! It’s up to all of us to create change. We can’t wait to see what the Class of 2020 does next! #GraduaTEDTalk 
“We could go down in history as the class that everyone felt sorry for or the class that celebrated themselves regardless of what was going on around them.” We love this perspective, Nadia! A great message for the Class of 2020! #GraduaTEDTalk 
“Please don’t take high school for granted. We would do anything to be sitting in those desks one last time.” What an amazing and poignant #GraduaTEDTalk from the members of the Scituate High School Class of 2020! 
#ICYMI: Yesterday, we announced a brand new initiative with @TED_Ed: #GraduaTEDTalk featuring the voices of the Class of 2020 and those who support them as they step into the future. The response has been amazing and we wanted to take a moment to share a few of our favorites. 
"Understand what it means to hold somebody in jail who hasn't been convicted of a crime simply for their poverty." — Robin Steinberg, founder and CEO of The Bail Project @TheAudaciousPrj 
"I am tired of carrying this invisible burden of other people's fears." — Baratunde Thurston (@baratunde)

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
For many of us working from home seems like uncharted territory. This week @AdamMGrant explores how science can fix remote work, with help from astronaut @StationCDRKelly. 

Listen on Stitcher or wherever you get your podcasts:  
"Rather than wait for growth to clean up the environment, it is far smarter to create economies that can restore and renew the cycles of life." — economist @KateRaworth 
"Once you tap into your curiosity and allow yourself permission to follow it wherever it takes you, you will find very quickly that you are living a much more creative life than you were last year." — author Elizabeth Gilbert (@GilbertLiz) 
This teen fought for Oregon students to be allowed to take mental health days from school — and she won: 
This experimental algorithm predicted who in a group of young people would develop schizophrenia — and it did so with 100 percent accuracy: 
 
The answer actually depends on the virus... 
Instead of teaching geometry with pencil and paper, why not do it with crochet?  
For parents, teaching children emotional skills starts with practicing them yourself. Psychologist @SusanDavid_PhD shares how you can help your kids (and yourself) validate, label, and process difficult emotions. Listen now on Castbox or wherever listen:  
Eve Ensler's Talk is a great one! Here is some more advice on how to make an authentic apology that “communicates vulnerability and gratitude.”  
With this new technology, any country in the world could detect, diagnose and track viruses before they even have the chance to spread.

Watch the full talk from @TheAudaciousPrj researchers @PardisSabeti and @christian_happi here:  
Graduation may look different this year, but it doesn’t diminish the amazing accomplishments of this next generation of thinkers, artists, leaders and dreamers. Learn more about #GraduaTEDTalk and watch messages from our global community:  @TED_ED 
Not graduating this year, but know someone who is? Send your well-wishes, advice, shoutouts and more to the next generation using #GraduaTEDTalk. We may just feature your message on the TED or @TED_ED Twitter account! 
Graduating this year? Send us your very best commencement address. What is your message to the global Class of 2020? Record yourself giving your talk and post it using the hashtag #GraduaTEDTalk. You might just be featured on the TED or @TED_ED Twitter account! 
Inspiring lessons about the daily grind, the setbacks and the sacrifices that these TED speakers didn't see coming: 
How this designer is making fabric from kombucha tea. Yes, you read that right. 
Myth #1: Repetitive or ritualistic behaviors are synonymous with OCD. 

"Being honest about how we feel doesn't make us weak — it makes us human." #MentalHealthAwarenessMonth 
Hint: It's the same reason that — before they are taught otherwise — kids think the Earth is flat.  
Including this: "If you don’t know what you want to do with the rest of your life, you’re not a failure." 
Not all properties are created equal in Monopoly — here are the ones that are worth your (fake) money and will help lead you to victory. 
“There is a way to face these big crises in the world without feeling overwhelmed and despairing. It’s simple, and it’s powerful. It’s to think like a mother.” #MothersDay

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
So ... who's the real favorite child in your family? Here's why your guess is probably wrong. 
 
Basic science explains exactly why and when your dough reaches that perfect caramel color in the oven: 
If you’re not a mom, but you mother people in your own way, watch this talk celebrating a woman’s choice to live child-free — a life defined not by what it doesn’t contain, but what it does. 
If you’ve had to face any Mother's Day after the death of a maternal figure, watch this talk on the unique grief of losing a mother to cancer and how such a fundamental loss can change what you value, what you are, what you make. 
If your mother no longer recognizes you or knows your name, watch this heartbreaking talk about the experience of caring for a mother living with dementia: 
If your relationship with your mom is … complicated or non-existent, watch this powerful talk about facing the hardest question a child can ask a mother: Why didn’t you stop the world from hurting me? 
For so many, #MothersDay is one of the toughest days of the year. If the candy-and-flowers, breakfast-in-bed, simplistic good wishes you see today describe a version of mothering that doesn’t match your life, these Talks are for you. [THREAD] 
Up to half the population has introvert tendencies, so why are those of us who prefer to work alone seen as outliers? 
"Healthy emotion has a vitality curve. It emerges, you feel it, you express it, and then you’re done.” Here are the three steps you need to go through: 
Not getting enough sleep these days? These 2 tips from sleep scientist Matt Walker may be the best way to catch some extra 😴. 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
Here's how a 14th-century conflict in Europe inspired GoT. (No dragons were involved, sorry.) 
UNTAMED author and activist @GlennonDoyle shares the unofficial memo on motherhood that she once got — and what she'd like to say instead. 
"The future of humankind isn't exclusively in the hands of politicians, of great leaders, of big companies." - @Pontifex 
 
Admitting there are moments, days, weeks, months or years when you want a break is hard. But it doesn't make you a bad mother: 
You have more control over your emotions than you might imagine, and you have the capacity to turn down the dial on emotional suffering. Here's how: 
A parent's job is never done — no matter the species: 
.@TaikaWaititi was recently announced as the director for the next "Star Wars" film. Watch his TED Talk on how fun fuels creative work: 
What are the keys to resilience in times of crisis? 

Psychologist @SusanDavid_PhD shares how practicing kindness toward yourself can help you handle adversity. 

Listen to Checking In on Apple Podcasts:  
Why are the people of China and the United States responding so differently to stay-at-home orders and mask mandates? 
Listen to this gorgeous rendition of "Danny Boy" from Grammy-winning, multi-talented musician and vocalist @jacobcollier.

To see the full set from his home in London — and hear the premiere of a new original song — watch here:  
Only a handful of US prisons allow mothers to live with their young children. Here's a look inside one of them: 
 
Including tip #4: Your first draft will stink — and that’s OK. (From author @AnneLamott)

"There are entire textbooks written about the developmental arc of adolescence, and we don't even have a word to describe the transition to motherhood." 
"[Power] governs how any form of government works. It determines who gets to determine the rules of the game. So learning how power operates is key to being effective, being taken seriously, and not being taken advantage of." 
 
In this time of lockdown, you can't rely on the tried and true ways to get over an ex — but you can still use this time to bounce back: 
Hint: It has to do with your neurons.  
"Privacy is not secrecy. It's control." 
Learn the secrets to creating a connected team in this conversation between #WorkLife host @AdamMGrant and @EstherPerel, host of “How’s Work?”

For more tips to help you get the most out of work, listen to #Worklife with Adam Grant on @ApplePodcasts:   
Today's virtual travel moment: These 80-foot-tall, fairytale-like ice towers represent a very real way to help counter climate change. 
These three principles are crucial for the human mind to flourish — yet our current education system goes against all of them: 
"Every child deserves a champion, an adult who will never give up on them. Is this job tough? You betcha. But it is not impossible. We're educators. We're born to make a difference." #TeacherAppreciationWeek

Watch Rita Pierson's full TED Talk here:  
Here's how teachers can make learning exciting for kids. From @chrisemdin: 
Is ketchup a solid or liquid — or both? Let the debate begin! 
Eight arms, three hearts, an ink-based defense mechanism, jet propulsion and camouflage skin? Meet the aliens among us: 
What exactly is going on in your brain when you get that weird, familiar sensation? Scientists have three theories: 
 
"As patients, we usually remember the names of our doctors, but often we forget the names of our nurses." Let's remember them now — and always. #NationalNursesDay 
When employees' physical and emotional well-being is prioritized, they feel better — and productivity goes up. Here's how we get there: 
"When I was over there, I was able to see humanity over hatred in my enemy's eyes." — journalist Euna Lee

Hear more about her 140 days in a North Korean detention center, and the unlikely people who sustained her:  
Test your knowledge of natural history, Christian allegory — and a little Shakespeare: 
There are five basic tastes: sweet, sour, salty, bitter and umami. Using neuroscience, this researcher found evidence of a sixth:  
Meet the millions of organisms that call your body home: 
Learn why this musician spends his time designing headphones for horses — and researching what chords will make beagles howl (in a good way): 
Myth: People with dyslexia don't see letters or words backwards. Here are other misconceptions about the common disorder: 
Here's one program that helps make sure our healers are emotionally healthy enough to take care of the rest of us: 
What if we could design a face mask that changes color when the coronavirus is detected in the wearer? With the help of synthetic biology, that's exactly what this team of scientists is creating.

Watch Jim Collins's full talk here: 
What's the secret to a lasting career? 

This week on #Worklife, @AdamMGrant explores how reinvention can fuel great second and third acts. 

Listen now on @Castbox_fm or wherever you get your podcasts:  
Roughly 23 billion sneakers are produced worldwide each year. How can we balance our love of them with the need for sustainability? 
"You have the gift to help someone navigate through their trauma and make their story worth telling." #TeacherAppreciationWeek 
Craving entertainment, inspiration or just some escape? These books can help: 
Here's why we still need trees, even in the world's biggest urban areas: 
If you are alive, you are going to have to deal with tough times. Here's how to boost your resilience: 
Straightforward tips to deal with your feelings of isolation: 
Our coastal communities are threatened by rising oceans — but these simple underwater structures could help protect them. Here's how: 
One 17th-century tale imagined geese powering a man in a machine — all the way to the moon. Wild, yes, but stories like these are what led to real-life space travel. 
These talks will show you how astronomers are searching for stars and other Earth-like planets: 
An experiment to try today: Grab a piece of paper and see how many times you can fold it. 
Here's how astronauts eat, sleep, and — ahem — relieve themselves when living in space: 
Before Adam Driver became Kylo Ren in Star Wars, he was a United States Marine.

Watch Adam's full TED Talk about bringing theater to the military:  #MayThe4th 
"To be a dinosaur is to belong to a staggeringly successful group of animals whose reign across time may never be matched by humans or any of our mammalian kin." 
Are you a misfit? Grieving a loved one? Don't know how to make new friends? We've picked some talks for you. 
Are humans simply becoming more athletic? Or is there another reason why runners are so much faster than they were a century ago? 

Watch David Epstein's full TED Talk here:  
A look at a museum where anyone can play with high art. 
What if you could transform the dreaded things you *have* to do into something that felt like play? You can. 
And how we can all learn to make better ones: 
This explains why using phrases like "cordial reception" makes you sound fancy: 
It may actually be possible to die of a broken heart.

Watch Sandeep Jauhar’s full TED Talk here:  
There's a special kind of joy to be found in failure — just check out these wacky, wonderful inventions from @SimoneGiertz. 
 
The winning method uses the same technique that online stores rely on to sort by price: 
"There are not 'schizophrenics.' There are people with schizophrenia, and these people may be your spouse, they may be your child, they may be your neighbor, they may be your friend, they may be your coworker." 
Turns out, the key to unlocking the "runner’s high" is actually not in the physical action of running. Here's how you can achieve it: 
Giving yourself a few distraction-free minutes — or hours — can help you get in touch with who you are and what really matters.

You can tell when your dog is whimpering that they're in pain. But how can you know when a snake or shrimp is hurting? 

Teaching students to think for themselves should be a part of every school’s curriculum.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Here's how we can harness the power of multinational businesses — and get them all to do the right thing: 
"Being human means there’s a wall-builder in each of us. Our minds naturally divide the world into me and not-me, us and them." 
Why workers should organize and own the businesses they work for, making decisions for themselves and enjoying the fruits of their labor: 
Here's how to ensure your partner continues to desire you — and remains desirable to you. 
Wow! Thousands of years before the first fully developed writing systems, our ancestors scrawled these geometric signs across the walls of caves: 
Now here's a question to ponder: Where do you stand in the (very) big scheme of things? 
Marie Curie is the first — and only — person to win Nobel Prizes in different scientific fields. Here's the work that earned her those honors: 
This pandemic will change the economy in fundamental ways — including the creation of a new kind of inequality. CNN journalist and writer @FareedZakaria explains. 

Watch the full conversation here:  
Moving on from a relationship can be difficult — but psychologists know where and how we get stuck. Follow these 3 steps: 
8 tips on how to connect with loved ones living with depression: 
Take a moment to appreciate these gorgeous high-speed images that spotlight the world's most endangered pollinators: 
A useful crash course in recognizing deception: 
In our unpredictable world, we can no longer rely on efficiency and technology to save us. These are the skills we should be building instead: 
Raise your hand if you've gotten up to go to the bathroom but turned around to get your phone first... 
If you’re feeling consumed by fear, panic, worry during this global pandemic, you’re not alone. Psychologist @SusanDavid_PhD shares strategies to help you process these difficult emotions. 
Someday, lightweight solar panels made with this amazing material could be hung from a flagpole or put on the roof of a tent. 
 
Hey, parents: Here's how to get kids excited to do their science homework. 
"Sleeping Beauty" is one of the world's favorite folktales — and one of the most beloved ballets. Learn how ballerinas bring new life into an age-old story: 
Had a tough month/spring/year? Let these inspiring talks lift  you up: 
From movie musicals to the Golden Age of Broadway, tap dance has made its mark on American history. But what's next for this art form? #InternationalDanceDay 
Cuddling matters! 
With civil forfeiture, government agencies in many countries can punish people for crimes they didn't commit by taking their cars, their homes, even their businesses. How is that legal?!? 
Whether you're far from your support system or suddenly too close to them, quarantine can put pressure on relationships. @SusanDavid_PhD shares tips for keeping relationships healthy in this crisis. Listen to Checking In on @Stitcher or wherever listen:  
If you ask us, green. What about you?  
Sometimes it can feel impossible to be optimistic. Let advice from these TED speakers guide you through: 
It's not all Einstein and Hawking! Don't forget these women who made serious strides in physics: 
A radio host shares the most important things she's learned from a career of talking to people: 
Follow a sound's journey as it travels through your ear — and into your brain: 
Phishing emails are said to be increasing due to the pandemic. Here's how not to fall for the bait:  
“That moment of waking is an incredible opportunity, and it’s quite a tragedy if you go straight to your to-do list.” — David Whyte (@whytedw)

This beautiful poem gives us something we should all keep in mind before we start our days: 
Thank you @BaileeMadison for spreading the word about @CrisisTextLine. Watch @NancyLublin's new Talk to learn more about their @TheAudaciousPrj plans to help a third of the globe with life-saving mental health support:   
"Empathy distorts our moral judgments in pretty much the same way that prejudice does." Agree? Disagree? Please discuss. 
 
.@TheAudaciousPrj's 2020 cohort is here! Join us in celebrating @nancylublin whose @CrisisTextLine will be expanding to provide one-third of the globe with crucial, life-saving mental health support — all through a simple text.

Watch her Talk here:  
Turns out, there actually is one place where you could escape Earth's gravity.  
This artist weaves intricate, colorful nets that hang over cities all over the world. Learn how — and why: 
Plus, how to procrastinate the *right* way: 
Being bilingual is actually healthy, not just a nice-to-have. Here's how it can help you ward off dementia — and more. 

Watch the full TED Talk from linguist @JohnHMcWhorter here:  
"It turns out 30 days is just about the right amount of time to add a new habit or subtract a habit ... from your life." — technologist @mattcutts 
And why does scratching an itch feel oh so good? Learn the answers here:  
Based on her own son's battle with cancer, this mom created a video game to help people deal with sadness and grief: 
If you've ever thought, 'Why do I have so many black sweaters?" this is for you. 
We're not saying that there's poop in your honey. But we're also not NOT saying that. 
Self-reflection is not the same as self-knowledge. Here's how to truly get to know yourself: 
In just a few months, the pandemic has already struck "a serious blow to America's image," says journalist and CNN host @FareedZakaria. How else is it changing the global order? 

Watch the full conversation here:  
Spooky fact: Dead people can have an orgasm. 
When it comes to sex, many people worry that they're not normal. Relax: You are. A sex educator shows how to rediscover sexual well-being: 
How's your cheese history? Sharp, or does it have some holes in it?  
Want to learn something new this weekend? Check out Ted Talks Daily in the new Brain Snacks playlist on @Spotify! 

Here's how kids can still learn — even if they can't go to school right now, from author @johngreen: 
Here's how the choruses of those songs we can't stop humming invite us in: 
Is it possible for your pet to get depressed just like humans do? 
Watch Grammy-award winning vocalist and multi-instrumentalist @jacobcollier perform live from his home in London, where he plays old favorites and premieres a new original song: 
Looking for something to do this weekend? Our podcasts #TheTEDInterview, #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, and @TEDenEspanol are featured in @Podapalooza — an online podcast festival to raise money for COVID relief. 

Learn more here:  
Epidemiologist @LarryBrilliant helped end smallpox more than 40 years ago. Hear what he says we need to end today's pandemic. 

Watch the full conversation here:  
The world's longest current is called the Global Conveyor Belt — really — and it snakes across the entire globe. 
65 percent of readers can't tell. Can you? 
"When our gardens are balanced with care, we can harvest the beauty of living a life of grace." #ArborDay 
Happy #ArborDay! Did you know that trees can talk to each other? Through complex root networks that span entire forests, they exchange not only nutrients but also "information." 
An entire forest can be grown anywhere — even in a yard the size of six parking spaces. Here's how: 
And will cracking them really give you arthritis? 

It is possible, but is it likely to happen? 
"We are tougher than we seem. We are tougher than we think. Our stories will outlive us. Let's make them good."

A reflection from Neil Gaiman (@neilhimself) on the fragile but powerful resilience of humans: 
ER physician Esther Choo shares a few simple things that we can all do to support our healthcare heroes — and where to donate masks or gloves in the U.S. 

Watch @choo_ek's full conversation on how doctors and nurses are handling the pandemic here:  
The stunning results of Sebastião Salgado's eight-year odyssey to travel the world and photograph humans, animals and nature in all their glory: 
Talks to help you understand this pandemic, the ones that came before, and how we can prevent them in the future: 
Happy Birthday, Shakespeare! To celebrate, we're breaking down some of the bard's best smack talk: 
See what students in countries from Ireland to Iran, Ghana to Germany, are asked to read and why — and add some titles to your quarantine reading list. #WorldBookDay 
Animals, plants and insects have evolved to take only what they need from the planet — what if we could structure our families, workplaces, and cities to do the same? 
When it comes to talking about climate change, one of the best approaches can be to speak from the heart. 
"We now need to move beyond this narrative of powerlessness, because make no mistake — the climate crisis will be orders of magnitude worse than the pandemic if we do not take action." - @tomcarnac 
"As we watch the wheels of industry grind to a halt, the machinery of progress become silent, we have the wildest of opportunities to hit the reset button. To take a different path." #EarthDay 
How much does a resume actually matter? 

This week on #WorkLife, @AdamMGrant talks people who reimagined the interview process by refusing to look at resumes.

Listen on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts:  
Regardless of age or background, anyone can become a climate activist. Here's how.

Watch Luisa Neubauer’s full TED Talk here:  
"Our economic system must shift to focus on bettering the lot of the average person." — Andrew Yang 
"The climate crisis has already been solved. We already have all the facts and solutions. All we have to do is to wake up and change." — Greta Thunberg 
It's time we busted some hardwired myths about evolution: 
Even megacities like New York, Mumbai or Shanghai may be hard to find a million years from now: 
Yes, you can clap for them, but you can also thank healthcare workers by doing these things. 

Watch the full conversation with Dr. Esther Choo (@choo_ek) here:  
Would you hire someone without looking at their resume? 

This week on #WorkLife, @AdamMGrant talks to leaders who reimagined the interview process by ignoring credentials and refusing to look at resumes. 

Listen on Stitcher or wherever get your podcasts:  
If you were a superhero who could travel at thousands of miles per hour, you would probably do more harm than good:  
The myth of the "superimmigrant" — and other immigrant stereotypes we need to let go: 
"Those with the least ability are often the most likely to overrate their skills to the greatest extent." 
Big tech companies are monetizing our data every day — so why aren’t we getting paid for it? 
Here's how you can get your wandering mind back under control: 
As meetings go online, here's how to focus its purpose, know when to use the mute button (very important!), and leave time for fun: 
"We all have to deal with questions that are a lot more complicated than those found on a multiple-choice test. We need to give students an opportunity to grapple with questions that don’t have one correct answer." 
Learning about your ancestry isn't just a fun hobby — it can also teach you about your own health: 
If you've tried to "stay positive," you know it's easier said than done. 

Psychologist @SusanDavid_PhD shares the hidden benefits of negative emotions, and how you can rethink positivity. 

Listen to Checking In on Castbox or wherever you listen:  
The best way to start your Zoom meetings isn’t by asking “How are you doing?” Here’s what you should ask instead: 
"We will get out of this, and then we will get ready for the next epidemic." — Bill Gates 
Trust us — pleading, bribing and demanding won't make a meat eater turn veg. There's a better way: 
If working from home isn't quite working for you, try watching one of these talks: 
In the current pandemic, people are talking up the anxiety-busting qualities of CBD. But does it actually work? Here are the facts. 
Here's what actually happens in your body when you smoke weed: 
Existing 200 to 1,000 meters — or 656 to 3281 feet — below the surface, the twilight zone is a very real place. And it may contain 90% of the world's fish biomass. 
From periods and sex to bullying and injustice: 
Founded in 859, the ancient al-Qarawiyyin Library in Fez, Morocco, is the oldest working library — in the entire world. Here's how an architect brought it back to life. 
The idea that married people are happier and healthier than single people is unfounded. 
The bad news: Bilingualism may not necessarily make you smarter. The good news: It can make your brain more healthy, complex and actively engaged. And even better: It's never too late to learn a new language. 
Warning: These amazing stories of ducks, horses and other animals mourning their lost friends will deplete your tissue supply. 
In one case, two circus elephants that had briefly performed together rejoiced when crossing paths 23 years later. This recognition isn't limited to their own species: Elephants have recognized humans they've bonded with after decades apart. 
Have difficulty pooping away from home? Here's how your brain decides when it's time to go. 
The ocean's deep, dark twilight zone could hide as many as a million new species. Heidi Sosik is leading efforts to protect and explore their uncharted waters — before it's too late.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
“These are pretty tough times. What if we could inspire each other — especially the people we partner with — to become more thoughtful, more loving versions of ourselves?” 
Which team are you on: milk, dark or white? Here's how they're all made: 
You put a bandage on a cut or take antibiotics for an infection. Here's how you can tend to your emotional health, too. 
 
Experiments and crafts that will spark your child's curiosity — and safely occupy their afternoons: 
Go on a 4-minute spin — from the Charleston through the Dougie — through the history of social dance: 
"Fear is contagious. But faith is, too. Faith is an exercise of the will. It's what allows us to transform everything that we are — our weaknesses, our frailties, into strength." 
Little-known fact: ENIAC — the first, all-electronic, general-purpose computer and the great-great-grandmother of everything on our smartphones and in our laptops — was programmed by six young women. 
Pro tip: Forward to 8:34 to see him do his infamous lungi dance. 
 
"For us, [co-parenting is] about helping each other carry the weight, unpack the load, and to show up in the world in a way that honors the beauty of our son." 
"It's only when we lose control of what comes next that we learn who we truly are."

Watch Pico Iyer's full TED Talk here:  
In this week's episode of Checking In, psychologist @SusanDavid shares strategies for listening to your grief and beginning to move forward with it. 

Hear Checking In on @Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts:  
Strange but true: The gold on our planet was once cooked up in outer space. Here's how it wound up underground. 
This artist walks up to strangers, hands them a blank card, and asks them to draw her a beautiful moment from their week. Here's what she got:  
Leading with the positive actually goes against what psychologists know about human nature: 
Spoiler: It's not a great habit to hold your pee, but in the short term, your body and brain have got you covered. 
"Our growing dependence on technology risks us becoming less skilled, more vulnerable to the deep and growing complexity of the real world." 
This explorer spent 105 days on foot traveling 1,800-miles across Antarctica to the South Pole and back — a distance equivalent to 69 marathons. 
"For a net cost of $175 billion — a quarter of US military spending, 1% of GDP — you could lift all impoverished Americans above the poverty line. You could actually eradicate poverty."

Watch @rcbregman's full TED Talk:  
"It's not a zero sum. Racism is bad for white people, too." 
As the largest healthcare movement for Black women in the U.S., @GirlTrek has introduced "100 Radical Ideas for Self-Care" and has supported over 500,000 women to stay healthy while safe at home. Learn more:  #AudaciousResponse 
Learn how high-tech natural materials — inspired by things like cat fleas (!) and sequoia trees — could revolutionize everything from sports shoes to medical implants: 
.@WaterfordOrg’s UPSTART program is expanding access to online early childhood education resources and offering parents free early learning resources 3x a week. You can register at  #AudaciousResponse
.@lastmilehealth &amp; @LivingGoods are working with governments to ensure that community healthcare workers are safe and protected while they take care of others. #AudaciousResponse 
Scientists @UWproteindesign are collaborating with The National Institutes of Health and the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation to create a safe and effective vaccine for SARS-CoV-2 and other coronaviruses. #AudaciousResponse 
.@TheAudaciousPrj is an ongoing TED initiative to fund bold, world-changing ideas. In light of this unprecedented crisis, many of these projects have shifted focus to respond to the coronavirus. Here are a few ways they're getting involved. [THREAD] #AudaciousResponse 
Create a workspace so enjoyable that you won't want to go back to the office — ever.  
Next time you pick up a well-shuffled deck of cards, you could be holding an arrangement that's never before existed — and might not exist again: 
When this astronaut suddenly went blind on a spacewalk, this is the thought that kept him calm: 
Bamboo makes bed sheets, musical instruments — and these magical homes: 
"Romantic love is an addiction: a perfectly wonderful addiction when it's going well, and a perfectly horrible addiction when it's going poorly."

Watch Helen Fisher's full TED Talk here:  
There is a real beauty in not belonging. 
"We're all going to have big losses in our lives. These kinds of losses are out of our control. They're unpredictable, and they bring us to our knees. And so I say, let them." 
Here's why you should let your kids take stuff apart: 
In these times, we're all struggling with different kinds of grief. Psychologist @SusanDavid_PhD shares how listening to your grief can help you move forward with it. 

Listen to Checkin In on @Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.  
These lethal predators equipped with serrated teeth and deadly venom... could actually help save lives: 
"For every man suffering from Alzheimer's, there are two women. So why is that?" Learn the possible explanation here. 
 
Here's what the most effective arguments all have in common: 
"If we learn to think of our internal voice as that of an advisor rather than a dictator, it can become enormously helpful to us." 
From the streets of this Cairo neighborhood, this painting appears in fragments blocks apart. But from one vantage point, it assembles — and reveals a powerful message. 
This is why you laugh harder at movies and TV when you're watching with other people: 
Loneliness at work can hurt our job performance and our health. The good news? It might take less than a minute to start building real connections with your coworkers. 

Learn how by listening to #Worklife with @AdamMGrant on @ApplePodcasts:  
This is what distinguishes extraordinary altruists from the average person.

Watch Abigail Marsh’s full TED Talk here:  
"You don't have to wait for a life-or-death situation to clean up the relationships that matter to you." 
Here's how "smart testing" (tracking COVID-19 cases using software on people's phones) could help us end the pandemic and get people back to work: 
According to legend, Pandora was the first mortal woman, and her curiosity set a chain of earth-shattering events in motion. 

“Assume everyone you’re communicating with is smarter than you and cares more than you and is busier than you.” 
This riddle is a tough mix of math, logic and jewels. Can you crack it? 
A 2PM-5AM curfew. A President still shaking hands with people. Millions of displaced workers. From Afghanistan to the US, Brazil to Uganda, India to Russia — and 17 other countries — here are first-hand stories of life in the COVID-19 era. 
"You can always find a shock of beauty and meaning in what life you have left." 
"Getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs they like the taste of air." 

Celebrate National Poetry Month with this classic performance from @kaysarahsera. Watch the full talk here:  
Your daily dose of wonder: Check out these spell-binding animations of  molecules that the human eye can't see.  
This has been called the hardest logic puzzle ever — can you solve it? 
Whoever said you'll never use algebra in the real world was sorely mistaken. 
These talks will help you get motivated to face the work week ahead — no matter where you're working: 
Could this be the best job ever? 
Could this be the best job ever? 
"The ability to stand in the ground of your life and to look at the horizon that is pulling you -- in that moment, you are the whole journey. You are the whole conversation." — poet David Whyte 
Here's a point to ponder: What exactly are we measuring when we measure time? 
This subtle lighting shift makes a Pixar movie come alive: 
Yes, orchids are beautiful, but they're also some of the plant kingdom's wiliest seducers: 
When will it be ready, how can you help, and more questions about the COVID-19 vaccine, answered: 
"If rushing makes people feel like they lack time for things they want to do, then conscious deliberation can feel like a treat." 
"To my surprise, writing haiku brought me back to something I hadn’t felt for a long time — the sheer, elemental joy of playing with words." 
Talks on what to eat, what not to eat — and making sure everyone has enough to eat: 
 
This hotel has an infinite number of rooms, but they're totally booked! Huh? 
"Psychedelics, when used wisely, have the potential to help heal us, help inspire us, and perhaps even to help save us."

Watch Rick Doblin's full TED Talk here:  
Many romantic saboteurs claim they act out of self-protection. The real reason is a bit more complex — but just as interesting: 
A 2PM-5AM curfew. A President still shaking hands with people. Millions of displaced workers. 

From Afghanistan to the US, Brazil to Uganda, India to Russia — and 17 other countries — here are first-hand stories of life in the COVID-19 era. 
"What's it like to be a baby? It's like being in love in Paris for the first time after you've had three double-espressos."
— psychologist Alison Gopnik 
Hmmm. Why does this set of numbers constantly appear in nature — like the number of petals on a flower or spirals on a pineapple? 
Ancient Egyptians treated scorpion stings and even predicted pregnancy!?! Here's how they did it: 
India's extreme and sudden lockdown has had devastating effects on millions of workers — who are some of the country's most vulnerable. "These people would not have been considered the poor, but now they have suddenly dropped into poverty."  
Learn the amazing story of the "founding father" of pain, a doctor who moonlit as a professional wrestler to pay the bills. 
 
"There is a very intimate relationship between your sleep health and your immune health." 
The 3 basic ingredients that create a planet with life — and how we're looking for them: 
"Sometimes, the poem is so bright, your silly language will not stick to it. Sometimes, the poem is so true, nobody will believe you." — @kaysarahsera

Watch Sarah's full TED Talk here:  
Has the pandemic sent the economy into a depression or a recession? Hedge fund chair @RayDalio tells us. 

Watch the full conversation here:  
Weird animal fact of the day: Female hyenas have a clitoris that is almost eight inches long.  
"I think it's not right to call this a recession or even to talk about a Great Depression. This is a great paralysis." 
— journalist and CNN co-host @FareedZakaria 
We had some technical difficulties with our first stream. You can now catch Jacob live here: 
Inside the fascinating human phenomenon known as the conjunction fallacy. Hint: It has nothing to do with grammar: 
We’re LIVE on #TEDConnects today with some #FeelGoodFriday musical magic featuring Grammy-award winning singer and multi-instrumentalist @jacobcollier! Watch now: 
In 2002, the Colombian guerrilla movement known as the FARC (Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia) kidnapped Ingrid Betancourt in the middle of her presidential campaign. Here she shares what kept her alive: 
In fact, you can listen to Elise on TED Talks Daily right now! Get started: 
We’re excited to welcome @elisewho as the new host of TED Talks Daily! 
Teachers are there to emotionally support our kids. Here's why we need to support them, too: 
For starters, genes don't "want" to be passed on — a gene can't want anything at all! 
Helpful tip #1: “Write something good, and feel good about writing it.” — author Jacqueline Woodson  
Depression doesn’t diminish a person’s desire to connect with other people, just their ability. 
Hope you're ready for another music Friday! 🎶 Tomorrow, April 10 at 12 pm ET we’ll be transmitting a LIVE concert from London featuring Grammy-award winning singer and multi-instrumentalist @jacobcollier. You do not want to miss it! #TEDConnects  
"Reclaiming your language and embracing your culture is a powerful way to be yourself in the age of globalization."

Watch Daniel Bögre Udell's TED Talk here:  
"Our body goes on autopilot while we're folding the laundry or we're walking to work, but actually that is when our brain gets really busy.” 
.@markorussiver shares more about the virtual global hackathon designed to rapidly develop solutions to the coronavirus crisis. And guess what? You can join, too:  #TheGlobalHack
#ICYMI: We're LIVE with journalist and author @FareedZakaria talking about the global coronavirus pandemic. Tune in now:  #TEDConnects
"A grieving person is going to laugh again and smile again. Yes, they're going to move forward. But that doesn't mean that they've moved on." 
We’re LIVE on #TEDConnects chatting about COVID-19 around the world. Up first: Social entrepreneur Gayathri Vasudevan on how coronavirus is affecting India. Then: Journalist @FareedZakaria with a birds-eye view on the global pandemic. Watch now:  
Good afternoon everyone! We're so excited for you to join us for today's #TEDConnects. We're having some technical difficulties, but we'll be live shortly. Thank you for your patience! 
This is how cults manage to recruit and manipulate their members: 
This might just be a great time to learn a new skill — or break a bad habit: 
Psychologist Guy Winch helps a reader who's become an unofficial counselor for people during this coronavirus crisis — and feeling burnt out: 
A peek at the weird science behind how fireflies, anglerfish and other creatures create light with their bodies: 
Tomorrow, April 9 on #TEDConnects at 12 pm ET we’ll chat with social entrepreneur Gayathri Vasudevan who will explain how COVID-19 is affecting India &amp; journalist @FareedZakaria will give us a bird-eye view on the global pandemic. What should we ask them?  
"If you want to understand what makes a marriage work, you should think about how a marriage ends." — family law professor Jeannie Suk Gersen (@JeannieSGersen) 
"It's so upsetting that we didn't roll out testing and contact identification very assertively from the beginning. That was the difference between what will ultimately be hundreds of thousands of lives lost." — ER doctor @choo_ek  
Has being at home started you on a tidying kick? This talk can help you let go of the stuff you don't need. 
Many couples are stuck at home together — and experiencing new stressors. What's the difference between normal tensions and arguments and ones that point to an unhealthy relationship?

Watch Katie Hood's full TED Talk here:  
A psychologist gives tips on how you can support friends and family at this challenging time — but not get burnt out in the process: 
See change-makers from rapper-actress Awkwafina to football MVP Hines Ward memorialized in sugar and butter: 
#ICYMI: We're live with hedge fund chair and philanthropist @RayDalio on #TEDConnects! He's addressing our questions about the economic impact of COVID-19 and more importantly what we can do about it. Watch now: 
What does it mean to "be yourself" at work?  

This week on #WorkLife, @AdamMGrant explores the limits of authenticity in the workplace, and how to make it work for you. 

Listen on Stitcher or wherever you get your podcasts:  
We’re LIVE on #TEDConnects with startup founder @MarkoRussiver chatting about hacking our response to COVID-19  and hedge fund chair and philanthropist @RayDalio chatting about the economic impacts of the pandemic. Tune in now: 
"[Indigenous languages] contain priceless environmental knowledge that helps us relate well to the land on which we live. But they are, in fact, in danger."  
"Show a people as one thing, as only one thing, over and over again, and that is what they become." — author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie 
How do we respond to COVID-19? We’ve got two guests tomorrow on #TEDConnects that might have some answers. Join us at 12pm ET as we chat to with startup founder @markorussiver &amp; hedge fund chair &amp; philanthropist @RayDalio. What questions should we ask?  
Some couples stop having sex over time, but others manage to keep the spark going. Here's their secret: 
The world is facing two major threats at once: a public health emergency and an economic crisis. Here's an ambitious plan to fix both: 
We’re LIVE on #TEDConnects with Dr. Esther Choo (@choo_ek) – emergency physician and public health advocate on the frontlines of the coronavirus pandemic. Watch now:  #WorldHealthDay 
Learn how to nurture close bonds with family and friends, despite being physically apart: 
One tech company gives employees a $7,500 stipend to go on vacation — where they're banned from opening emails. 
This singer-rapper-writer worked with a neuroscientist to try to get her brain to fall out of love with her ex. Did she succeed?
If your only question when picking out an outfit is "Any noticeable stains?" ... this article is for you. 
Ever wonder why some cuts disappear but others leave behind scars that last a lifetime? 
Healthcare workers are heroes on the frontlines of the coronavirus pandemic. Tomorrow we’re talking to one of them! @choo_ek – emergency physician and public health advocate – joins us on #TEDConnects at 12pm ET. What should we ask her?   #WorldHealthDay 
What if you could use this time to actually reset and improve your relationship? 
"Walls make us build a second wall in our head, a mental wall. And those mental walls slowly make us lose sight of all the things we have in common with the people on the other side." 
We're all trying to adapt to a world we have little control over. 

Psychologist @SusanDavid_PhD shares strategies and habits to help you stay grounded — even when every day feels unpredictable. 

Listen to Checking In on @ApplePodcasts:  
"When you think like a mother, you prioritize the needs of the many, not the whims of the few." 
What can we do to make sure everyone in the world has the opportunity to dream big? 
 
Female athletes are at the top of their game right now, but they still don't receive the support men do: 
@AnshumanSays @dsallentess You can watch the live stream of today's #TEDConnects on  here: 
We're LIVE with Harvard professor and political theorist @dsallentess to chat about why we don't have to choose between saving human lives and saving the economy during the coronavirus pandemic — we can do both! Join us right now on #TEDConnects:  
Booze, rom-coms and other things you didn't know might be actually bad for your marriage: 
How do you resolve conflict with your coworkers?

On #WorkLife, @AdamMGrant gets personal with psychotherapist @EstherPerel to explore the challenges of being a human in the workplace. 

Listen on Castbox or wherever you listen:  
"Why should a woman's success be a threat to a man? I don't think there's an English word I dislike more than 'emasculation.'" — author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie  
"Being human doesn't happen despite suffering — it happens within it." 
Duct tape can fix anything... right? 
Here's how to manage your own "coronanxiety": 
Just curl up on the couch and press play. 
We'll be chatting with professor and political theorist @dsallentess this Monday, April 6 at 12 pm ET as part of our ongoing TED Connects: Community and Hope series. What are your questions for Danielle? #TEDConnects  
“We have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned.”

Watch Angela Lee Duckworth's full TED Talk here:  
Most 12-year-olds love playing video games. This kid taught himself how to create them: 
Playing an instrument is  like giving yourself a full-body brain workout. These are the long-term positive effects of being a musician: 
Here's why people hallucinate — even if they're completely blind: 
The industrial fishing that stocks our grocery stores is decimating undersea populations. 
 
"We need virtue. We need character. We need people who want to do the right thing." 
A pioneering 1944 paper on autism was buried in time, and it's has been shrouded in misunderstanding ever since: 
"As patients, we usually remember the names of our doctors, but often we forget the names of our nurses." 
Find out the remarkable things the brain can do to stay in tiptop shape: 
And why asking yourself whether something "sparks joy" won't help you declutter: 
And here's how you can actually outsmart them: 
Did you catch @scxtchmusic's beatboxing lesson on our Facebook Live earlier today? See her performance from the TED Women stage last year: 
"The opposite of fear isn't courage; the opposite of fear is love." — author Elizabeth Gilbert 
Nano-rabbits (which aren't real, yet) take center stage in this tricky riddle: 
These art works will make you do a double-take: 
Wonder why your voice always sounds so terrible on recordings? Here's the answer. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
This woman makes robots designed to chop vegetables, cut hair, apply lipstick, and more. But they rarely succeed ... and that's her point.  
We’re LIVE with singer, beatboxer, and musician @scxtchmusic! Join us as we end this week’s #TEDConnects broadcasts with Butterscotch’s signature blend of Hip-Hop, Jazz, Soul and Reggae. Watch now: 
A delicious treat for a #FeelGoodFriday: We are excited to have Butterscotch (@scxtchmusic) perform LIVE today as part of our ongoing #TEDConnects Community and Hope series. 

Tune-in to TED’s Facebook channel at 12 pm ET:  
"When you walk up to that arena and you put your hand on the door, and you think, 'I'm going in and I'm going to try this,' shame is the gremlin who says, 'Uh, uh. You're not good enough.'" 
Step back, slow down and appreciate the bigger picture: 
Here's why we see patterns in almost everything (even if they don't mean anything): 
Thank you for joining us for our ongoing #TEDConnects series. Tomorrow at 12 pm ET we will premiere our very first live musical performance featuring singer, beatboxer and musician @scxtchmusic! 

Catch up on TED Connects here: 
Here's what the stereotypes about autism get wrong: 
"If you’re alive, you’re a creative person." 
For every person getting into a fight over toilet paper, there are thousands of people showing up for each other: 
Checking in with @SusanDavid_PhD is part of @ApplePodcasts’s collection to help you process the global pandemic. 

Listen to get helpful strategies for navigating all the complicated feelings that come up.  
How to get a decent night's sleep during a pandemic: 
We’re live with “Eat Pray Love” author @GilbertLiz, who is speaking on why it’s okay to feel overwhelmed right now — and how we can still move forward. Join us now:  #TEDConnects
Here's why sugar always leaves you craving more: 
To measure what's really valuable in our economy, we must look beyond price: 
"Code is the next universal language." 
Feeling overwhelmed right now? You’re not alone. @GilbertLiz joins us on our daily, Facebook Live conversation series TED Connects tomorrow, Thursday, April 2 at 12pm ET to share how we can move forward in the face of uncertainty. What are your questions for Liz? #TEDConnects 
This dark folk tale is less Disney, more Brothers Grimm. 
 
Charles Darwin wasn't a trained professional; he was a "citizen scientist." You could be one too:  
These days, many parents are playing a central role in their kids' education. Here's how to encourage one of their greatest skills: their creativity 
@alextvalencic @RaeHughart @npolyak @MCUSDSupe @jonbartelt @jonnysun PS: You can also get personalized talk recommendations sent to your email! 
@alextvalencic @RaeHughart @npolyak @MCUSDSupe @jonbartelt .@Jonnysun’s talk on loneliness and finding community online would be a great conversation starter! 

"Stories are the way we make sense of our lives. But what happens when the stories we tell are misleading or incomplete or just wrong?"

Watch Lori Gottlieb's full TED Talk here:  
We’re live with sleep scientist Matt Walker (@sleepadvocate) to talk about why, in the age of coronavirus, a good night’s sleep is more important than ever. Join us now:   #TEDConnects
How China's internet has changed the lives of once-forgotten populations: 
This talk is for anyone who feels overwhelmed by the demands of our world: 
"Comedy is one of our best weapons." 
Before you give a child their first smartphone, read this: 
You don't have to be alone to feel lonely. 
This is what happens to your brain on birth control: 
Which countries are getting hit hardest by the coronavirus pandemic? Data journalist @jburnmurdoch showed us today during the latest installment in our daily live conversation series, #TEDConnects: Community and Hope. 

Watch more from this series:  
This faith leader shares why we need empathy now more than ever: 
TED Connects: Community and Hope continues tomorrow, Wednesday, April 1 at 12pm ET with sleep scientist @sleepdiplomat. He'll join us to talk about why sleep matters now more than ever. 

What are your questions for Matt? Leave them in the replies below. #TEDConnects 
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." — Brené Brown 

Watch Brené's classic TED Talk here:  
@scottalyoung @jburnmurdoch Apologies! We had some technical difficulties. Thank you for your patience. We're live now: 
@johnnyb1694 @jburnmurdoch Apologies! We had some technical difficulties. Thank you for your patience. We're live now: 
We’re live with science journalist Sonia Shah and Financial Times data journalist @jburnmurdoch, who will help us illuminate the trajectory of the coronavirus — and what our response should be. Join us now:   #TEDConnects
The best weapon fight against disease? Bar soap. 
Here's how to deal with people who disagree (a lot):  
"We don't necessarily need to gather more. We need to gather better." 
The surprising reason we aren't making vaccines for the world's biggest diseases: 
TED Connects: Community and Hope, a daily conversation series, continues Tuesday, March 31 at 12pm ET with @soniashah &amp; @jburnmurdoch who will help us understand the trajectory of the coronavirus, and smart ways we might respond to it. What questions do you have? #TEDConnects 
For healthier communities, practice mercy in law: 
If you’re feeling consumed by fear, panic, worry during this global pandemic, you’re not alone. Psychologist Susan David has strategies to help you process these difficult emotions. 

Listen on Stitcher or wherever you get your podcasts:  
Workplace dynamics can be hard to navigate. 

This week on #WorkLife, @AdamMGrant gets personal with psychotherapist @EstherPerel to explore the challenges of being a human in the workplace. 

Listen on @Spotify or wherever you listen:  
Entrepreneur, and former 2020 presidential candidate, Andrew Yang lays out his vision for a reorganized economy: 
When will it be ready, how can I help, and more questions about the COVID-19 vaccine, answered: 
The word "recession" is in the news again. Here's what it actually means: 
We’re live with faith leader, author and TED speaker @rabbisacks, who’s sharing about the need for global solidarity and the importance of humanity coming together in these challenging times. Join us now:   #TEDConnects
"Once I figured out that fear was not put in me to cripple me, it was there to protect me, and once I figured out how to use that fear, I found my power." 
We may have more control over our emotions than we think: 
Are you procrastinating right now? 
"If we think of our fears as more than just fears but as stories, we should think of ourselves as the authors of those stories." 
Why are some people more likely to help others — even when it’s an enormous risk and cost to themselves? 

Watch Abigail Marsh's full TED Talk here:  
TED Connects: Community and Hope, a daily conversation series, continues tomorrow, Mon., 3/30 at 12pm ET with @RabbiSacks. He’ll join us to talk about the importance of humanity coming together right now. What questions do you have for him? #TEDConnects 
Why is everyone suddenly talking about feeding their sourdough starter?! 
Every seven years, this designer closes his New York studio for a yearlong sabbatical. This is why: 
This discovery suggests written communication is much older than we thought: 
The profound tactic that could help you beat the next urge to smoke, snack, or text while driving: 
What a helpline for lonely and isolated older people can teach us about helping others: 
Are you an A-lister, artisan, game-changer, sensitive soul or activist? Find out: 
A guide to subtly convincing others to be better people: 
These eye-popping color games reveal how your brain works: 
Here’s how you can still be happy — even when you don’t get what you want: 

Happiness doesn't depend on your location, your salary, or your age. Here's what actually creates happiness: 
For better brain health, here's what to eat (and eat less of). 
Ever see something floating across your field of vision? These are the facts you need to know about floaters: 
"You don't think in depression that you've put on a gray veil and are seeing the world through the haze of a bad mood. You think that the veil has been taken away, the veil of happiness, and that now you're seeing truly." 
Take a break and stretch those brain muscles with today's riddle: 
Lessons from the countries that got coronavirus under control: 
The latest developments in science and technology can help us fight climate change. But so can knowledge that's thousands of years old: 
"It is possible that 20, 50, 100 years from now, we will look back now at depression and PTSD the way we look back at tuberculosis sanitoriums — as a thing of the past." 
Master facilitator, author and TED speaker @priyaparker is sharing how we can create meaningful connections, even while apart. Tune in to our conversation now:  #TEDConnects 
Try crawling around like your cat today. (There's a good reason, we promise!) 
Are you a caregiver? You might have "compassion fatigue." 
The heavy hitters that struck a chord with millions of viewers: 
"Gardens are a mirror that cast their own reflection into our waking lives." 
How to turn your passion into a business: 
"Science is on our side. We can be ready for the next epidemic. It's very clear how to do that."

Watch the full conversation on how we can stop this pandemic — and the next one — here:  
How to bring confidence and joy back to the bedroom: 
For every person getting into a fight over toilet paper, there are thousands of people showing up for each other: 
"I want you to reflect on how you're reflecting." 
More than ever, our online lives are deeply interwoven with our real lives. On the TED Radio Hour, 5 TED speakers explore the rules of our vast online spaces.   
Donated food and clothes aren't enough to help people in poverty. This online community is empowering the poor by investing in them: 
Embrace your boredom! 

Watch Manoush Zomorodi's full TED Talk here:  
Can you solve.... the da Vinci Code? 
Tomorrow on TED Connects: Community and Hope (our new Facebook Live conversation series), @priyaparker shares how you can create meaningful connections with others, even while apart. Tell us what questions you have Priya, and tune in on Friday, March 27 at 12pm ET. #TEDConnects 
This medical innovation could transform the way we heal: 
How scientists induced déjà vu in the lab — using The Sims computer game:  
Psychologist @SusanDavid_PhD shares tips on dealing with self-quarantine loneliness, processing difficult emotions, and how creating a routine can help you feel more in control, even in the age of coronavirus: 
Sharpen your negotiation skills with strategies and insights from this week's episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant.

Listen on @Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.  
TED Connects: Community and Hope, a daily Facebook Live conversation series, continues tomorrow, Thursday, March 26 at 12pm ET with epidemiologist @GaviSeth. He’ll join us to talk about the quest for the COVID-19 vaccine. What are your questions for Seth? #TEDConnects 
How adversity makes us better problem-solvers: 
The power of donating skills — not money: 
Sometimes, listening isn't enough.  
Another day, another riddle to occupy your time.  
We’re live with @GaryLiu, CEO of the South China Morning Post and TED speaker, to talk about what we can learn from China’s response to COVID-19.  Join us on Facebook now:  #TEDConnects
Which secrets are okay to keep to yourself — and which secrets should you not be entirely alone with?  
"We make mistakes that sometimes hurt other people, despite our best attempts, and we explain away our mistakes rather than learning from them." 
To the students, parents and teachers affected by COVID-19: 
@TED_ED is offering interactive video lessons developed alongside expert educators from all over the world.

Sign up to get free, engaging lesson plans delivered to your inbox every day: 
Between sensationalist stories and a lack of consistent, high-quality reporting, trust in the media has hit an all-time low. Here's how to turn it around: 
Why this paranormal investigator says science always explains away paranormal claims: 
TED Connects: Community and Hope, a daily Facebook Live conversation series, continues tomorrow, Wednesday, March 25 at 12pm ET with @GaryLiu. He’ll join us to talk about what we can learn from China’s response to COVID-19. What are your questions for Gary? #TEDConnects 
Most of us negotiate in one of two ways: either you roll right over the other party, or you just rollover. 

But there's a better way. Learn how to become a master negotiator on this week's episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant. 

Listen on Apple Podcasts:  
Buckle-up for this one, folks. 
Feed your curiosity in 10 minutes or less: 
"Books have given me a magic portal to connect with people of the past and the present. I know I shall never feel lonely or powerless again."

Watch Lisa Bu's full TED Talk here:  
Buying local isn’t enough. Here's what should be doing to support the people who feed us: 
We’re live with @BillGates, Microsoft co-founder, philanthropist and TED speaker, to talk about the healthcare systems in dire need of fixing. Join us on Facebook now:   #TEDConnects
Diamonds are forever... but air pollution doesn't have to be. 
Pausing before your react gives you the chance to answer two important questions... 
Here's what the lifesaving care provided by hospitals would look like in our own homes: 
Test out your logic skills on this tough riddle: 
Using art and technology, this medical image-maker helps us visualize the unseen human body: 
What makes us different from animals? Less than you might think: 
Who's resting more soundly? Those who share a bed with someone, or those who sleep alone? 
TED Connects: Community and Hope, a daily Facebook Live conversation series, continues tomorrow, Tuesday, March 24 at 12pm ET with @BillGates. He’ll join us to talk about the healthcare systems we must urgently fix. What questions do you have for Bill? #TEDConnects 
The way we think about those famous x and y chromosomes is wrong: 
Have you noticed that social media algorithms only amplify the content you agree with? Here's a look into the technology that could bring balance back to your news feed:  
Working remotely? These are four great ways to make sure your team stays connected: 

"Real success is developing champions in life for our world, win or lose." 

Watch former UCLA Women's Gymnastics Coach @OfficialMissVal's full TED Talk here: 
Wages for most U.S. workers have increased little if at all since the early 1970s. But for the top 1% of earners, wages have risen more than 150%.   
Can you resist tackling a brain teaser written by one of the smartest people in history? 
Talks all about staying healthy — both emotionally and physically: 
Do you juggle several projects at once, or dive into a single subject for months until you switch fields entirely? 
"Copy editing for The New Yorker is like playing shortstop for a Major League Baseball team — every little movement gets picked over by the critics." 
She’ll join us tomorrow on our Facebook page ( to talk about the ways you can be your best self in a time of crisis. What do you want to know? Reply with your questions!
We are kicking off a live, daily conversation series, TED Connects: Community and Hope, on Monday, March 23, at 12pm ET. Our first guest is @SusanDavid_PhD, Harvard Medical School psychologist, author and TED speaker. 
A three-minute dive into how history, language and mathematics made "x" what it is today: 
Let these soundscapes transport you to rainforests, deserts and tropical beaches:  
"Anyone who wants to see the sunlight clearly needs to wipe his eyes first." 
How to design solutions with communities — not just for them: 
How to politely signal you'd like to move on, with words or body language: 
"One should never, ever remain silent for fear of complexity." 
"In a world fractured by religious, political and racial divides, even with all of our obvious differences... at the most fundamental level, we are all the same." 
Happy #WorldPoetryDay! Be inspired by world's most talented spoken-word performers: 
26.5 million Americans live in a food desert, with no access to affordable and nutritious food. Here's one one renegade gardener is changing that:

Watch Ron Finley's full TED Talk here:  
This spiritual leader shares three ways we can move from the politics of "me" to the politics of "all of us, together": 
Hear how this graphic designer uses LEGOs to make Arabic script — and culture — more accessible: 
"Tenderness is not weakness; it is fortitude. It is the path of solidarity, the path of humility." — Pope Francis 
What if you saw things from a different point of view? Go on a journey of self-discovery with ideas that will shift your perspective.  
Being bilingual is actually healthy, not just convenient. Here's how it can help you ward off dementia — and make you a better multitasker: 
8 tips on how to connect with loved ones living with depression: 
The key to a fictional world that comes alive on the page and screen? Rules. 
For every person getting into a fight over toilet paper, there are thousands of people showing up for each other: 
This former neo-Nazi has convinced over 100 people to walk away from the movement so far. Here's how: 
A great idea could change how you see yourself. Get a talk a week in your inbox to help you see things a little differently.  
"The hardest lesson for me to learn was just because the organization may have a failure, that doesn’t mean I’m a failure." 
To the students, parents and teachers affected by COVID-19: @Ted_Ed is offering interactive video lessons developed alongside expert educators from all over the world.

Sign up to get free, engaging lesson plans delivered to your inbox every day: 
Aha! moments don't have to be random and occasional. Here's how we can help ourselves cultivate them: 
"The world will say to you, 'Be a better person.' Do not be afraid to say, 'Yes.'" 
Here are some dos and don'ts to help you talk to friends who are struggling.

Watch Bill Bernat's full TED Talk here:  
"Everybody is obsessed with apocalypses even though the world ends all the time and we keep going.” 
The word "mindfulness" gets thrown around a lot. Here's what it really means: 
Global hunger isn’t about scarcity. It’s about logistics: 
Nearly 800 million people worldwide depend on cassava for survival — but this critical food source is under attack by entirely preventable viruses. 
What if you could repay loans through volunteering and mentorship instead of money? 
"Vulnerability is the core of shame and fear and our struggle for worthiness, but it appears that it's also the birthplace of joy, of creativity, of belonging, of love." 
We're heading for a world population of 10 billion people — but what will we all eat? 
Stretch your mind and strengthen your relationships with this simple exercise (borrowed from school kids.) 
Straightforward advice on being a great mentor — or a great mentee: 
Productivity and long work hours do not go hand-in-hand: 
“Basic income is not a favor, but a right. And it’s proponents have spanned the spectrum from the left to the right.”

For more about the case for basic universal income:  
Here’s what we can do to support the people who feed us: 
People who develop a more complex understanding of their emotions are healthier and go to the doctor less often: 
We know it's hard to be a human right now, but we want to help you get through this. Our job is to share ideas that inspire you to see yourself and the world differently. And we plan to keep doing that.

So, what do you need from us right now? Let us know:
"I can walk down the street in the exact same outfit and what the world expects of me and the way I'm treated depends on the arrangement of this piece of cloth." 
Our capacity to screw up is totally fundamental to who we are:  
Could we prevent deadly virus outbreaks by... vaccinating bats? 
This is how the bacteria we’re exposed to as infants keeps us healthy as adults: 
5 different generations are interacting at work for the first time. Here’s how we can all work together: 
"You might think you have low risk and you're in a younger group, but you're often going to be a short step away from someone who's going to get hit very hard by this." 
How to manage your own "coronanxiety"— from psychologist @GuyWinch: 
Maximize your cognitive health  — and even prevent dementia and Alzheimer’s disease — all with the food you eat: 
"In every other part of our lives, we give ourselves room to grow — except in this one, where it matters most." 
"People worry that selling sex is degrading. Ask yourself is it more degrading than going hungry?"

Watch Juno Mac's full TED Talk here:  
Reggie Watts creates unpredictable, brilliant performances on the spot using his voice and some well-placed looping pedals: 
Burnout can impact anyone, but there's a lot we can do about it.

This week on #WorkLife @AdamMGrant explores the causes of burnout, and how people in high-pressure workplaces are fighting exhaustion. 

Listen on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts:  
Would you be comfortable having a robot as a housekeeper? As an attorney? As a sexual partner? See how you compare to others: 
"What does it mean for us to be black, white, yellow, red? Is it the eye, the nose, the mouth, the hair? Or does it have to do with our origin, nationality or bank account?" 
Handy tips on how to question, interpret and truly understand what the numbers are saying: 
"Resilience isn’t a fixed or elusive trait that some people have and some people don’t." 
🚨call the grammar police 🚨
A global health expert shares why travel restrictions aren't effective — and why humans are so bad at quarantines: 
"You might think you have low risk and you're in a younger group, but you're often going to be a short step away from someone who's going to get hit very hard by this." 
How one student is fighting taboo around periods in her high school: 
For everyone who thinks, "When am I going to use algebra again?" 
Here's how the words we use to describe our emotions affect how we feel: 
"We're being scored with secret formulas that we don't understand... That begs the question: What if the algorithms are wrong?" 
The surprising reason we aren't making vaccines for the world's biggest diseases: 
The power of women's anger:  @schemaly 
The legal and cultural fight to stop honor killings in Pakistan and all over the world: 
"You might know it as 'cyberbullying.' The media calls it 'revenge porn.' I now call it 'digital domestic violence.'" 
 
Octopods can solve puzzles, learn through observation, and even use tools – just like humans! 
Students and parents, we thought it might be helpful to share that our FREE website ( offers video-based lessons organized by subject. We are here to support you and your family during this challenging time.
Why do we project life onto machines? We're biologically hardwired to: 
"Strangeness is not about meeting strangers. It simply makes the point that we need to disrupt our zones of familiarity." 
Stunning compositions of landscapes as they transition from day to night: 
Get joy, curiosity, knowledge, delivered straight to your inbox.   
"We count numbers. We count on people. What really counts is when we actually use our numbers to truly take into account our people." 
"The best way to win any game is never, never to think about the score." 
Millions of meals served later, chef José Andrés shares the remarkable story of creating the world's biggest restaurant: 
Explore the mind-bending concept of the "infinity of infinities": 
“My genitals do not tell you what I want or like. I do.” 
How governments punish whistleblowers — and how we could protect those who expose crime and injustice: 
Flood control, solar energy, fresh produce, green space for city dwellers and more — what can't this rooftop do? 
This discovery suggests written communication is much older than we thought: 
How this color-blind artist hears a symphony of color — and even listen to faces and paintings: 
It's never too late to learn something new. Get one talk a week sent to your inbox, and expand your mind.  
Heartbroken otters, parrots with OCD, and other animal behaviors that have a lot to teach us about mental health: 
Polyglots are people who speak several languages fluently. Learn their clever advice for picking up new tongues quickly: 
This is why we'll never figure out the exact value of pi, no matter how close we seem to get. #PiDay 
Where does pleasure come from?  
"It is the golden age for surveillance." 
This journalist combed through troves of books to find passages about every age. Here are his most important takeaways from history's great writers: 
For better brain health, here's what to eat (and eat less of): 
We can’t stop climate change from transforming our planet, but we can keep the Earth livable — even prosperous. Here’s how: 
Take care of your mind with talks that will help you stay hopeful and inspired.  
“It’s not just whose hand you shake, it’s whose hand that person goes on to shake.” 

For more information about how you can protect yourself and loved ones from the spread of COVID-19, listen to the latest episode of the TED Interview on Apple Podcasts:  
Big changes and transitions can be a lot to process. Sometimes we need a little help seeing them as opportunities to grow. 

This week's TED Radio Hour is all about Reinvention, featuring our new host @manoushz!  

Listen here: 
"Reclaiming your language and embracing your culture is a powerful way to be yourself."

Watch Daniel Bögre Udell's TED Talk here:  
How our ears convert sound vibrations in the air into signals the brain can interpret: 
“Women don’t need advice. They need opportunity.” 
From the oldest living animal to the fastest food in the sea, this marine biologist picks his top ten sea creatures: 
How you can help transform the internet into a place of trust:  @cward1e
To help solve global problems, look to developing countries:  @BBSimons 
The old myth that humans use only 10 percent of their brains is... wrong: 
One simple way we can improve our elections is to stop relying on 20th-century technology like fax machines. Here's the case for a massive technological upgrade: 
Are you tired of partisan politics? This ancient system would make them a thing of the past: 
No, procrastinators aren't "lazy." Here's what's actually going on when you procrastinate: 
“The n-word is not just a word. It’s not neatly contained in a racist past, a relic of slavery. Fundamentally, the n-word is an idea disguised as a word.” 
Shockingly, several people shouting ideas in a room is not the best way to brainstorm. Here’s how @TheOnion cracked the code on creativity: 
Here's how to toot your own horn — without feeling like you're bragging: 
Why is it so uncomfortable to talk about power? 
The robot apocalypse is coming. 
Here's how the plastics we throw away come back to haunt us: 
"Your savings behavior isn't a question of how smart you are or how much willpower you have. The amount we save depends on the environmental cues around us." @wdlrosa 
"I’m much more comfortable underwater than I am on land. I’ve been diving since my 4th birthday." 
These talks showcase how photography has the power to change the world: 
There's a better way to make decisions besides trusting your gut:

Human-made sounds — from ship engines to oil drilling — have become a major threat to marine life: 
For better brain health, here's what to eat (and eat less of): 
How coaches and players can combine athletic intuition with new data: 
"We cannot always explain what we want deep down." 
"Not voting is voting for everything that you may detest and oppose. Not voting is for suckers." 
Is it possible to define, measure or increase how wise a person is? This scientist thinks so. 
The psychological toll climate change takes on all of us — and how to deal with it:  
Packed with hilarious cartoons, this talk had the audience doubled over at TED2018: 
This viral experiment showed that you can fall in love with anyone just by asking them 36 questions. Is that real love— and did it last? 
Drop the blame and don't let resentment take over. Here are three great tips on healthy communication: 
Whistleblowers aren't snitches or snakes. Here's why they deserve trust and protection: 
How do we define religion? Turns out, it's nearly impossible: 
Are you stuck in a procrastination loop? Learn how to stop putting things off with a little help from master procrastinator @MargaretAtwood.

Listen on Stitcher or wherever you get your podcasts:  
"For every man suffering from Alzheimer's there are two women. So why is that?" 
"With H1N1, there was this guy that decided to go on the plane, and in the matter of a single flight actually spread the disease to 17 other people."

Watch Raymond Wang's full TED Talk here:  
Do you know why you procrastinate? Hint: It's not because you're lazy. 

Learn the real reason you put things off and strategies to help you break the habit on the latest episode of #WorkLife with@AdamMGrant.  

Listen now on Apple Podcasts.  
"I really love my life and my career, and my husband and I have a very happy marriage. I still don't want children, yet, writing that kind of surprises me." 
"If online digital spaces are going to be our new home, let's make them a comfortable, beautiful place to live." 
This journalist is crowdsourcing the costs of medical procedures in the US and making that data public — so that you can know what you'll be paying for care in advance, and where to get it cheaper:  @chcosts
Here's how your brain experiences awe (featuring a @Cirque du Soleil performance!):  
"We can live well not in spite of death, but because of it. Let death be what takes us, not lack of imagination." 
“Community and relationships aren’t just about building great movements. They are integral in creating powerful, meaningful art." 
The shared symbols that shape humanity, from the Nike swoosh to the "pink pussyhat": 
Here's why the best minds in tech should be working in government: 
Businesses spend around $8 billion on bias training every year, according to studies from the Harvard Business Review. The same studies conclude that these trainings don't work and often backfire.

Watch Sara Sanford's full TED Talk here:  
"To anyone reeling from forces trying to knock you down and cram you into these neat little boxes people have decided for you: don't break. I see you." 
Do you feel overwhelmed or anxious about our world's changing climate? Here's how to turn those feelings into something productive: 
Only 18 percent of the biographies on Wikipedia’s English language site are of women. Here's how you can help close the gender gap: 
When she was assaulted, @ionewells wrote a letter to her attacker and started a movement to empower other survivors: 
Explorer Ben Saunders spent 105 days traveling 1,800-miles from the edge of Antarctica to the South Pole and back. Here's his story:  
Sorry!! 
How political cartoons speak truth to power: 
These simple changes can help you nourish your relationship: 
An orchestra's worth of instruments from just seven human voices: 
Rather than trying to exclude microbes from our buildings and public spaces, maybe it's time welcome them in: 
"Mentoring is one of the strategies that can close the gender gap in leadership in this country and around the world."

Apes that write! Shrimp that kick! Octopi that disappear! 
"Suffering's great power is that it's an interruption of life. It reminds you that you're not the person you thought you were." 
Magic that shows how our brains can fool our bodies: 
A dreamy, swirling array of flying machines that dance like fireflies: 
"Bravery is learned, and like anything learned, it just needs to be practiced." 
A child's happiness is a very unfair burden to place on a parent. And happiness is an even more unfair burden to place on a kid. 
Your perception is flawed. Take it from the greatest pickpocket in the world: 
With just one breath, this champion freediver can dive to -125m below the water's surface. 
No matter what you speak — or what you're learning — TED Talks have dozens of subtitle language options: 
Here's why you should stay busy — even if you're done working: 
If you want to: 
-Connect with loved ones 
-Be more hopeful 
-Learn something new 
-Become a better human 
We’ll send you the perfect TED Talks to help you become the best version of yourself. 
 
This one speaks for itself. 
Do you feel bad... about feeling bad? Here's how to stop beating yourself up: 
Why fewer people are choosing to be parents — even when they want to have kids: 
In socially turbulent times, art thrives: 
Take a break to nourish your mind with ideas that will give you hope for a better world. Sign up to get knowledge and inspiration in your inbox every week.  
“Patients are turning away form mainstream medicine, turning to medical marijuana dispensaries because those dispensaries are giving them what they need.”

Watch David Casarett's full TED Talk here:  
These are the best foods for a healthy gut: 
A better society starts with female leaders: 
"It's profoundly important that every single American child leaves school knowing how to cook 10 recipes that will save their life." 
How our brain circuits affect our emotions: 
"Fear is your friend. Sometimes it shows you what you shouldn't do. More often than not it shows you exactly what you should do." 
Tips from National Book Award-winner Jacqueline Woodson, who has written more than 30 novels: 
Meet @AlexaMeadeArt, the artist who submerged @ArianaGrande in a pool of paint during her "God Is a Woman" music video:  
"Staying in the home nest for extra time before dispersing is not a sign of failure to launch." 
Do you think fangirls are annoying? Here’s why they deserve more respect: 
The extreme precision of steering a spacecraft in deep space: 
"What can we expect our kids to learn if their diets are full of sugar and empty of nutrients? What can they possibly learn if their bodies are literally going hungry?" 
A new technology aspires to harness the powerful human sense of smell to enhance our daily lives: 
"Out of all the places that do better than the U.S. in reading, how many of them have a formal system for helping teachers improve? 11 out of 14." 
The author of "Eat Pray Love" shares the books that have sustained her through failure — and success: 
You have more control over your personality than you think. 
The biology of gender, from DNA to the brain:  @KarissaScience 
"Alvin and I were like parts of the same tree. He, the roots and the trunk, and we were the branches. I was his muse. We were all his muses." —Judith Jamison, artistic director emerita of the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater 
"I know some of y'all are tired, because I'm tired. I'm exhausted, and I'm numb. Those who came before us didn't win every fight, but they didn't let it kill their vision. It fueled it." 
Whether you want to be a better communicator or find the courage to open up, we'll send you the perfect talks to help you have better, stronger relationships with everyone you care about.  
How social media algorithms warp your perception — and how we could resist them: 
Want to be an artist? Try suspending your doubts and "going nuts" on a project. 
"Why is it that, in creative writing courses today, the very first thing we teach students is 'write what you know'? We should teach young people and ourselves to expand our hearts and write what we can feel." 
For when you're too busy — or just too tired — to pick up a book: 
Who taught you how to identify and manage your emotions? For many adults, the answer is: No one. 
Cultivate your own luck — with actions as small as saying "hello." 
A vision of society that has well-being, not just wealth, at its heart: 
How this principal opened a school in one of the most underserved and violent neighborhoods in New York City — and achieved a 98 percent graduation rate: 
Why are we so bad at predicting who we'll be in the future? 
These simple changes can help you nourish your relationship: 
How does the coronavirus spread? Who's most at risk? How can we protect ourselves? An infectious disease expert shares the latest findings about the outbreak: 
Watch the full talk here: 
"A great local newsroom acts like a mirror. Its journalists see the community and reflect it back. That information is empowering." 
Forget hard drives and the cloud, here’s how we can store computer files in DNA: 
Saying someone is “an inspiration” or “brave” might not be the compliment you think it is. 
"Companies don't have ideas. Only people do." 
A fun exercise to help solve your biggest problems at work: 
A grateful world is a joyful world, says monk and interfaith scholar David Steindl-Rast. 

Watch his inspiring TED Talk here:  
"We don’t seem to mind a little mystery in the process of falling in love, but when love ends, we demand an explanation, a why."

A trove of advice to help you sit down and start writing: 
"Even though museums are these amazing educational and social resources, they're not reaching everyone."

Watch Amanda Schochet's full TED Talk here:   
How one designer helps make libraries a place where children want to be: 
Here's why we experience climate anxiety — and how to manage it: 
Gardeners, vegetarians, conservationists and more nerd out on the wonderful world of plants and vegetables: 
The hidden biases your doctors might have — and how they affect your treatment: 
"In a relatively short period of time, we have come to know that air pollution is having a negative impact on almost all our major organs."

Watch María Neira's full TED Talk here:  
Do you ever wish you could just fly over the traffic jam that's making you late? Here's why that dream is closer than you think: 
"Countless works of music were inspired by bird and forest song. Yes, the natural world can be our cultural teacher." 
“Farmworkers have essentially been the invisible men and women of the US labor force for generations." 
Just a man, a 235-pound spacesuit, and a weather balloon—  135,000 feet above the ground: 
This school gives kids the tools they need for life — literally: 
Here's how impossible-looking megastructures became fixtures of our city skylines: 
Overwhelmed? Nourish your mind with talks that will inspire you and keep you motivated. Get one talk a week delivered to your inbox:  
"Randomized controlled trials in Israel and Italy show that medical clowns can be as effective as tranquilizers with no side effects."

Watch Matthew Wilson's full TED Talk here:  
How a group of nuns helped scientists save the achoque, the world’s most adorable salamander: 
Here are the strategies that helped this principal turn around three underperforming schools: 
Do you juggle several projects at once, or dive into a single subject for months until you switch fields entirely?

What is stopping you from taking the first step to innovate from within your organization? 
"Don't be deceived. Especially by the kids that you think have it all together, because those are the ones that might need you the most." 
"Microbes we acquire or do not acquire affect our likelihood of developing diseases like obesity, diabetes and even some cancers." 
The brain produces waste just like any other organ, and needs sleep to flush it all out. 
Is your perfectionism ruining your life? Here's a quiz to find out: 
Most 12-year-olds love playing video games. This kid taught himself how to create them: 
You've probably seen at least one of @OKGo's iconic music videos (remember the dancing on treadmills?) Here's how the band comes up with it all: 
Here's how understanding young people's relationship to tech can prepare us for coming conflicts and changes: 
Simple tips to improve your public speaking skills — and make you more confident over all: 
“If girls grow up in a world where words like 'crazy' and 'psycho' and 'hysterical' are casually used to describe female enthusiasm, how does that shape the way those girls see themselves?”

Watch @YveBlake's full TED Talk here:  
Did you know that you're 30 times more likely to laugh if you're with somebody else than if you're alone? 
Social media platforms have a lot to learn from thriving towns and cities: 
A call for more movies to teach boys that respect women is as manly as defeating the villain:  
"A lot of things that you used to think were your fault, a lot of things you used to think about yourself, really had nothing to do with you. It wasn't your fault." — Jane Fonda 
Meet the chemist with an unusual collection in her lab: 7,000 different smells. 
At this online university, anyone with a high school diploma can take classes toward a degree — without standard tuition fees: 
Here's why people can hallucinate — even if they're totally blind: 
How does coronavirus spread? Who's most at risk? How can we protect ourselves? Public health expert Dr. David Heymann shares the latest findings about the disease: 
Your life is on your phone — and stalkerware might be, too. 

A 70-year study is tracking thousands of children's lives to find out why some end up happy and healthy — while others struggle: 
People who have greater levels of self-compassion tend to be more motivated, less lazy, and more successful over time: 
This is why people join cults: 
Why gender-based marketing doesn't drive business nearly as much as you might think: 
"When you get accurate, judgment-free information from your peers, you realize that sex ed doesn't have to be scary." 
Here's why you should stay busy — even if you're done working: 
This under-reported phenomenon causes perfectly sane people to hallucinate: 
These tiny museums can fit in any community — and pack an educational  punch: 
Made just for cats, this cellist's album was inspired by bird chirps, mother cats’ purrs, kittens’ suckling and classic meows. It even includes ultrasound frequencies that only cats can hear. #InternationalCatDay  
Insightful talks that offer fresh, thoughtful perspectives on Black identity: 
Passion is not something you discover — it's something you have to develop. Here's how: 
"Children who reach school without basic skills are 25 percent more likely to drop out, 40 percent more likely to become teen parents and 60 percent less likely to go to college." 
"I was given the gift of a miracle, of not dying that day. I was given another gift, which was to be able to see into the future and come back and live differently." 
Feed your hunger, not your emotions: 
"In America, even a bankrupt gambler gets a second chance. But it is nearly impossible for an American to get discharged their student loan debts." 
How to prevent corruption — by teaching kids leadership skills: 
"It was only as recently as the 1970s that we used to have 1.2 million elephants roaming across Africa. Today, we're edging closer to only having 400,000 left."

Watch Lucy King's full TED talk to learn about the unlikely ally in protecting elephants: bees  
“I want visual options whenever there’s audio. It doesn’t matter whether I’m deaf or don’t want to wake the baby. Both are equally valid.” 
See what students in countries from Ireland to Iran, Ghana to Germany, are asked to read — and why: 
Hear the story of how the Montgomery, Alabama's lynching memorial came to be: 
Here's how to get kids talking about society's biggest problems: 
It's time for recess! 
The art of asking for what you want -- even when it's scary:  @amandapalmer
"In Silicon Valley, the big tech companies fish from essentially the same small pond or bay. A distributed company can fish from the entire ocean." @photomatt 
Here's why cooperation and transparency are key when diagnosing, vaccinating, and stopping pandemics: 
The three things you need to make a marriage work, and how to spot them while you're dating: 
You're curious, open-minded and hungry to learn more about the things that matter to you. Treat your mind to a newsletter that will keep you learning and growing:  
Here's what to do with your hands while public speaking: 
Do you know how to recognize the signs of unhealthy love? Use this chart to recognize any relationship red flags early on. 

Watch Katie Hood's full TED Talk here:  
"Even in organizations where equal percentages of women and men state that they have had access to a mentor, men's mentors are more likely to be in senior positions."  
Honesty can make people uncomfortable. Here's why you should be brave: 
Here's how we could e-mail and "print" vaccines for diseases like coronavirus, quickly making them accessible all over the world. @SynGenomeInc 
A leadership style based on spontaneity, not control: 
When we needlessly apologize, we make ourselves small and diminish what we’re trying to express. 
5 rules for building a more equitable, prosperous and sustainable economy from entrepreneur Nick Hanauer: 
How we can make racism into a solvable problem -- and improve policing:  @DrPhilGoff 
"My identity quest is no longer to find my tribe. It's more about allowing myself to embrace all of the possible permutations of myself and cultivating diversity within me and not just around me." @rebecahwang 
This is one of the greatest human rights violations of our time — that no one seems to know about: 
Find out exactly how a sneeze travels inside a plane cabin: 
In a watershed moment for the #MeToo movement, film producer Harvey Weinstein was found guilty of two felony sex crimes today. Hear from the movement's founder Tarana Burke on her vision for a world free of sexual violence: 
"My father, who was a strict man of tradition, stood in front of me and said, 'If you speak the truth, I will stand with you, and so will the world.'" 
When astronaut Chris Hadfield suddenly went blind on a spacewalk, this thought is what kept him calm: 
Over a billion people don’t have birth certificates. Here is why it matters: 
Between 1916 and 1970, millions of Black Americans fled the South. Here's how the Great Migration made the contributions of Toni Morrison, Louis Armstrong, and other Black icons possible. #BlackHistoryMonth

Watch @Isabelwilkerson's full TED Talk here:  
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
Put your bot-sniffing skills to the test: 
In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 4 TED speakers on the power of gratitude and kindness. 
Why I became a climate activist -- and why you should too:  @Luisamneubauer
How we can turn racism into a solvable problem — and improve policing:  @DrPhilGoff 
Did you know birds kiss, cuddle, and even cheat on their spouses? Learn more about this fascinating and diverse animal here: 
Even though they died 65 million years ago, dinosaurs can still teach humans a lot about living on earth: 
How cities are solving problems where nations have failed: 
One form of romantic self-sabotage is choosing partners that are just plain wrong for you. 
Here's what's actually happening to your body as you age: 
Ever wanted to become a polyglot? Here are the secrets of people who speak several languages: 
They can’t talk yet, but babies know a lot more than you think. 
"You don't have to wait for a life-or-death situation to clean up the relationships that matter to you." 
Health advice is often based on rationality. Too bad humans aren’t rational. 
"Randomized controlled trials in Israel and Italy show that medical clowns can be as effective as tranquilizers with no side effects."

Watch Matthew Wilson's full TED Talk here:  
The only way you can overcome stage fright is to keep getting up on the stage: 
You might be surprised. Take this quiz to learn more about your true self. 
Whether you want to be a better communicator or find the courage to open up, we'll send you the perfect talks to help you have better, stronger relationships with everyone you care about.  
Let's honor the overlooked, crucial humans who help us every day: 
The hidden mechanisms that drive success — no matter your field: 
"Being your own boss takes discipline. Self-made millionaires tend to have one big trait in common: they make decisions, hold themselves accountable and push through in the face of challenges." @sidehustlepro 
"Magic is a great analogy for how we edit reality and form a story and then mistake that story for the truth." 
Parents are managing their kids’ use of technology in very different ways. Here's how that will impact our future: 
Hear why the late philosopher-comic Emily Levine didn't fear death when she was diagnosed with lung cancer.

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
Do you feel bad about feeling bad? Here's how to stop beating yourself up:


We ask for advice on big life decisions but how do you know if it's actually good? @AdamMGrant talks to advice-giver and author @CherylStrayed about what really matters when it comes to making big decisions. Listen on @Spotify or wherever you listen:  
You're curious, open-minded, and insightful. Get a newsletter that can meet you where you are.  
The future of cinema: movies shot in 360 degrees.


“Healthcare is built on a middle-class model that often doesn’t meet the needs of low-income patients.” 
We’re the unreliable narrators of our lives: 
Doctors are capable of extraordinary (and expensive) treatments, but they are losing their core focus: actually treating people. 
"Much of today’s cutting-edge technology is an attempt to mimic biological efficiency, whether we’re talking about bullet trains or vaccines or water filters or wind farms." 
We can all play a role in helping defuse even the most bitter conflicts: 
There isn't just one way to be a good parent: 
"If we ever thought that we could build an internet insulated from the dark side of humanity, we were wrong." 
Here's how you can make moments in your life more memorable: 
You are not alone in your loneliness. 
"By focusing on the potential harms of pornography alone, we may be distracting ourselves from bigger issues." 
“Google, Facebook and Tencent's combined revenue in 2018 was $236 billion. Now, how many of you have received payment for the data you generated for them?” 
Dive into a world of talks picked just for you. Expand your mind with one talk a week sent straight to your inbox. Get started here:  
This CEO can read 1,500 words per minute (the average person reads between 200 and 300 words per minute)! 
"It is possible not to believe. It is possible the answers we have are wrong, it is possible the questions themselves are wrong." 
Some social scientists say replacing voting with a jury system could be the best way to improve democracy. Here's why: 
"Animals can care very deeply for each other, maybe they even love each other. And when they do, a survivor's heart can be pierced by a death." 
When we make sourdough bread from scratch, our bodies and homes literally flavor the end result — which is less gross than it sounds: 
Here's why we make bad choices even when we know better: 
In 2002, a Colombian guerrilla movement kidnapped Ingrid Betancourt in the middle of her presidential campaign. Here's how she stayed alive: 
Air pollution isn’t just bad for your lungs — it’s bad for your brain, too: 
"Chemistry is the hero of electronic communications." 
Always canceling on your friends? Here are three questions to ask yourself next time you want to bail.

To learn more about getting in touch with your inner extrovert, check out @GuyWinch's new advice column:  
Doctors spend several years training for their career, so why don't we teach them how to cope with death? 
Cafeteria lunch staff provide so much more than food: 
"I want more fathers talking about fatherhood openly, candidly, honestly, lovingly." 
"False news diffused further, faster, deeper and more broadly than the truth in every category of information."

Watch @sinanaral's full TED Talk here:  
"Adaptability itself is a form of intelligence." 

"Companies don't have ideas. Only people do."  @M_Heffernan
Why double dutch jump rope is a powerful symbol for black women: 
So... who is really the favorite child in your family? 
"It's been five years, and we're still waiting on justice for the men, women and children in Flint." 

Here's how this artist helped bring free, clean water to the people of Flint, Michigan: 
18 things to read, stream and watch this fall from TED Women editorial director and curator @patmitchell:  
The heavy hitters that struck a chord with millions of viewers: 
Fish with fingers, sharks with wings and other ancient animals: 
The solution to dealing with angry relatives and strained relationships, on and off social media: 
"How much control of our society do we want to demand from algorithms? Where does it end?" 
Here are some dos and don'ts to help you talk to friends who are struggling. 
"You don't think in depression that you've put on a gray veil and are seeing the world through the haze of a bad mood. You think that the veil has been taken away, the veil of happiness, and that now you're seeing truly." 
Here's what happens in kids' brains when they lie: 
Our legal system hurts survivors of sexual assault. Here's how we can fix it.

“Anything I thought was good or special about me could not save me — my hard work, my personality, my humor, my perspective. I had to face the fact that my life is built with paper walls, and so is everyone else’s.” 
Scientists use CRISPR to edit genes... but what does that actually mean? Here’s how it works: 
 
“If you’re depressed or anxious, you’re not weak and you’re not crazy —you’re a human being with unmet needs.” 

"It's our civic and human duty to care about what's happening in the world, but we can't be on duty 24/7." Here are 3 tips for self-care when you're overwhelmed by the news. 

Watch Guy Winch's full TED Talk on "emotional first-aid" here:  
Teachers emotionally support our kids. We need to support them, too. 
“Are you brave enough to be vulnerable, to reach out to another man when you need help, to dive head-first into your shame?”

Watch Justin Baldoni's full TED Talk here:  
The next time you want to endlessly scroll social media, let yourself be bored instead. It'll greatly improve your creativity.  
Are you yawning as you read this? 
Here’s how a 10-year-old became “Kid President": 
From Abraham Lincoln to Lyndon Johnson, we have a lot to learn from the lives of U.S. presidents. #PresidentsDay 
Can you name these former U.S. presidents just by looking at the words they used the most? 
A 4-question quiz that identifies what could make you happier right now: 
Are protesting and marching too stimulating for you? You're not alone — and you can still contribute to your favorite causes: 
If anyone stands to benefit from a normal workday, it’s employers: 
Questions from "Can I use a balloon as a condom?" to "How do I know I'm ready for sex?" 
Here's how to acknowledge your biases and embrace discomfort: 
Though it's the most researched mental condition in the world, misconceptions still persist about ADHD — even for people who have it: 
"I don't think we're waiting to be empowered. I think we have power. What we need are more opportunities to claim it, to use it, to share it." 
Many doctors still make important decisions based on a patient's skin color instead of medical observation and measurement: 
These teen activists wrote a textbook that combines both cold hard stats about racism and the personal stories of its victims: 
"Walking is the single most powerful thing that a woman can do for her health." 
12 talks on paying attention to joy, building happiness and finding meaning: 
I woke up... like this? 
Warning: This talk contains a detachable, swimming squid penis: 
It’s really not your fault you’re attracted to someone terrible for you: 
Heartbreak truly sucks. 
You're making public speaking scarier than it has to be. 
We can't be afraid to talk about race, especially in the workplace: 
Get the best of TED, picked just for you. Sign up now for the newsletter you'll actually want to open.  
This sh*t makes sense. 
“When women just share their experiences, not only do they feel normalized but they also feel inspired and empowered to explore their own sexuality.” 
Preventing unintended pregnancy shouldn't just be women's responsibility. 
This Valentine's Day, love yourself: 
"Emotions have a direct, physical effect on the human heart."

Watch Sandeep Jauhar’s full TED Talk here:  
"Today, the pink pussyhat is proof positive that branding is not just a tool of capitalism. Branding is the profound manifestation of the human spirit." — Design Matters host @DebbieMillman 
Our ideas about sex need an upgrade: 
“When women share their experiences, not only do they feel normalized but they also feel inspired and empowered to explore their own sexuality.” 
Before it was appropriated by Hitler and the Nazis, the swastika was featured on some Coca-Cola bottles. Learn about the other unknown stories of other famous symbols here: 
If you want to 
-Improve your relationships
-Be a better communicator 
-Find the courage to be vulnerable 
We'll send you the perfect talks to help you have better, stronger relationships with everyone you care about.  
Whether it's a romantic partner, a friend, or a family member, it's important to spot signs of unhealthy love. Here they are: 
A beautiful look at how a couple goes from meeting to creating a life together:  
"If you’re looking to find the best, you’re never going to put in the time and effort to make what you have the best."  
Everything you think you know about the science of virginity is nonsense. 
“My genitals do not tell you what I want or like. I do.” 
"These three brain systems: lust, romantic love and attachment, aren't always connected to each other." 
10/10 would recommend this newsletter:  
"The more I fought, the more sites I would discover, and with time, the more my images were being seen and shared in the tens of thousands."  
"Reframing love as something I get to create with someone I admire, rather than something that just happens to me without my control or consent, is empowering."

Watch @LenMandy's full TED Talk here:  
When humans evacuate after a nuclear disaster, what happens to the wildlife left behind? 
What makes your Valentine so dreamy? 
A new approach to getting off swipe-based apps: 
This woman turned to data to find out "What's the probability of finding Mr. Right?" 
“I exist because I have my women friends. They make me stronger, they make me smarter, they make me braver.” — Jane Fonda #GalentinesDay 
"Those who are happiest follow their desires, whether that means getting married or staying single." 
Falling in love is intoxicating, but how do you build a lasting partnership after the high fades? 
Your late nights and early mornings have way more consequences for your health and memory than you think. 

Watch Matt Walker's full TED Talk here:  
A three-step process to help you identify — and get — what you most want out of your marriage: 
"A lot of the time the question of parenthood is: What do we validate in our children, and what do we cure in them?" 
Whether you want to be a better leader or a better friend, get practical tips on self-growth sent to your inbox every week. Get started:  
Stop me if you've heard this one. A nun, a scientist and a salamander walk into an endangered ecosystem... 
"When we curb abuse, we will expand freedom." — Ashley Judd 
What are pheromones, and do humans actually have them? 
Here's how trying to be a perfect partner could actually ruin your relationship: 
Delightful, nerdy talks for word lovers: 
Once you’ve cleared the space, take photos of it so you can compare “before” and “after” images. It’s a big morale booster to see visual proof of what you’ve accomplished. 
To teach students, we must empathize with them: 
As the daughter of a Holocaust survivor, Diane von Furstenberg vowed from a young age to be in control of her own destiny. Here's how she built one of the most recognizable brands and dress styles in fashion. #NYFW 
"To every black, Latina, indigenous, First Nation, or any other woman or girl who finds herself resting at the blessed intersection of race and gender, you can be anything you want to be." #WomenInScience 
"Be careful not to assume that you already know the ending to their story. Don't put a period where a semicolon should be." 
Why online businesses like Uber should work with, not against, their local communities: 
“Entrepreneurs get the headlines, but actually employees have been society’s primary drivers of innovation.” 
Where does confidence come from, and how can you get more of it?  
A treasure trove of how-tos — from tying your shoes to finding work you love:  
We do some of our worst thinking when we’re under pressure. Here's how you can start to see clearly:  
"Anyone who is suffering from shame and public humiliation needs to know one thing: You can survive it." — Monica Lewinsky  
What happens to privacy when we can read people’s minds? 

Towering neon (and inflatable!) signs that inspire wonder and foster hope: 
How this documentarian uses film to fight the tradition of honor killings in Pakistan: 
This giant inflatable sign is activated by two people holding hands:  
"Even at the moment of your failure, right then, you are beautiful. You don't know it yet, but you have the ability to reinvent yourself endlessly." 
OK Go is known for their incredibly technical and instantly viral music videos. Experience their performance of "This Too Shall Pass" from the TED stage, and watch the band's full talk about their creative process here:  
How screenplays like "Juno" and "The King's Speech" and "Spotlight" all got made thanks to an anonymous email chain called "The Black List": 
Last night, @TaikaWaititi took home the Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar for "Jojo Rabbit." Watch his TED Talk on how fun fuels creative work: #Oscars 
We do some of our worst thinking when we’re under pressure. Here's how you can start to see clearly: 
Good news: you can stop spending hours reading product reviews online! 
Hear from the woman who's coached hundreds of speakers for their TED Talks: 
The workforce, and world, is changing and evolving all the time. Here are some lessons to help your company adapt: 
"If you have watched mostly American movies in your lifetime, 95 percent of all the films you have ever seen were directed by men." #Oscars 
Here's how The Wizard of Oz, The Incredibles, Moonlight and more of your favorite movies use color to deepen a narrative: 
Before Adam Driver starred in @MarriageStory, he was a United States Marine. Now he’s up for Best Actor at tonight’s #Oscars.

Watch Driver's full TED Talk about bringing theater to the military:  
"People get hung up on the question, 'Would you want your daughter doing it?' That's the wrong question. Instead, imagine she is doing it. How safe is she at work tonight?"

Watch Juno Mac's full TED Talk here:  
A business model based on happiness: 
Here's how how the public, once disconnected from architecture design, have become an essential part of the process: 
Here's how James Cameron's childhood fascinations drove him to create blockbusters like "Aliens," "Titanic" and "Avatar": 
Here's how the @ehtelescope finally got a picture of a black hole: 
Don't think you need to network? Up to 80 percent of jobs are never posted because they’ve already been filled — by referrals or internal candidates: 
Learn about apps that track land mines, perform eye exams and even detect our feelings: 
When technology can read minds, how will we protect our privacy?  @NitaFarahany 
You can support female filmmakers by streaming these movies now:  
Understanding how your emotions work can help you navigate them: 
Actors, directors and writers shouldn't get all the attention at the #Oscars: 
How we can all show kindness to those who need it most, from Holocaust survivor Werner Reich.

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
Working as an artist shouldn't have to be a pipe dream: 
It’s not your body that needs to change. It’s the clothes. #NYFW 
Designer Isaac Mizrahi explains why the button is "such a crazy fashion statement." #NYFW 
This is what makes cotton so versatile: 
The story of Marvel's first queer Latina superhero:  
The overwhelming majority of @NYTimes obituaries have this one word in common.

Watch Lux Narayan's full TED Talk here:  
A sweet approach to representation: 
How “beehive fences” keep elephants — and humans — safe: 
There's a sonic composition that records some of the most dramatic events in outer space: 
When her ex-boyfriend took explicit photos of her without her consent and posted them online, Darieth Chisolm found little protection from the law. Here's how she finally won justice. 
"A lot of the ideas didn’t come from professional inventors or engineering classes." 
Knowing the psychology behind phishing can help your spot a scam the next time: 
Given the complexities of language and cultural exchange, how do epic miscommunications not happen all the time? 
Russian folklore comes to vibrant life in these ethereal portraits: 
In 2017, an untitled Jean-Michel Basquiat piece was auctioned off for over $110 million, making it the most expensive work by an American artist. Learn how this innovator rose to acclaim and forever impacted the art world: 
In 1963, Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his "I Have a Dream" speech at the March on Washington to nearly a quarter million people. None of it would have been possible without this openly gay Black man: 
In one of her novels, Octavia E. Butler wrote of a presidential candidate who controls Americans with virtual reality. His slogan? “Make America great again.” 
Here’s how Ida B. Wells went from Memphis school teacher to investigative journalist to game-changing leader in the civil rights and women’s suffrage movements. 
After escaping slavery, Harriet Tubman returned to the South 13 times to free her niece, brothers, parents and many others. But there’s so much more to her story: 
Learn how the son of freed slaves helped design the layout of Washington, D.C., revolutionized agriculture with his farmer’s almanac and became one of America’s first civil rights advocates. 
Between the late 15th to the mid-19th century, the Atlantic slave trade forcibly brought more than 10 million Africans to the Americas. Here’s how its aftershocks still affect the Black community — and Africa as a whole: 
It’s #BlackHistoryMonth, and who teaches history better than @TED_ED? Here are some stories you might not know — and some you only thought you knew — about the important moments and triumphant figures in Black History:
“Poverty only changes affordability. It does not change aspirations.” 
What if the poor were part of city planning?  
From the Big Bang to the Internet, in under 20 minutes: 
"When we tell women that sex isn't worth the risk during pregnancy, what we're telling her is that her sexual pleasure doesn't matter... that she in fact doesn't matter." 
When you look at the big picture of ocean health, some good news emerges: 
"In fashion, one day you're in and the next you're out." — Heidi Klum 
"These pictures are not pictures of me. They are constructions by a group of professionals, by hairstylists and makeup artists and photographers and stylists. That's not me." 
What you need to know about tribology, the study of things that rub together: 
40 percent of Americans aren’t voters. That’s nearly 100 million people. Here’s how we change that. @tianaej

Ask yourself: "What’s the story I’m telling myself? Is it true?" 
Drugs like LSD, psilocybin and MDMA — when paired with psychotherapy — could change the way we treat PTSD, depression, substance abuse and more. 

Watch Rick Doblin's full TED Talk here:  
The science of friction -- and its surprising impact on our lives:  
Here's how a small, repeated ritual can mean so much: 
Wounds that heal quickly and leave no scars sounds like the stuff of science fiction — but it's becoming a reality: 
17 books about truth, dishonesty, and all the gray areas in between: 
This is what actually makes you feel sick: 
Talks on the invaluable skill of speaking up for yourself: 
"Randomized controlled trials in Israel and Italy show that medical clowns can be as effective as tranquilizers with no side effects." 
Paranoid because everyone in your office is sneezing, coughing and hacking? 
Hear how one designer's epiphany came from the question, "Why is sex so damn good?" 
Find out the remarkable things the brain can do to stay in tiptop shape: 
Each year, half of vaccines get lost or damaged as they travel between the factory and the local health clinic.  
The health benefits of clowning around:  
A great idea will change how you see yourself. Sign up to get talks picked just for you, sent straight to your inbox.   
Did you catch Christine Sun Kim performing "The Star Spangled Banner" in American Sign Language at the Super Bowl? Watch her TED Talk about the surprising similarities of music and sign language here: 
Tiny robots with giant potential:  
Across history, protest has shaped societies in tremendous ways. These 8 TED Talks explore how: 
Visual artist and cellist Paul Rucker dedicated this moving song to a tragic death at the U.S.-Mexico border: 
Your travel photos can save artifacts destroyed by terrorists:  
A village where everyone has dementia — and a chance to live their own life: 
The surprising toll too much sound has on our bodies — and our businesses: 
"Our breath and the mixture of volatile organic compounds that we exhale hold tremendous amounts of information on our physiological condition." 
The dangers of whitewashing black history in America: 
6 books that explore our dreams, waking and asleep: 
Brain scans that show what happens when our brain waves sync up with someone else: 
Live from New Orleans, The Soul Rebels rock the TED stage, blending hip-hop, jazz and funk. Watch their whole performance here:  
How medicine betrays people with chronic fatigue syndrome: 
"Real success is developing champions in life for our world, win or lose."

Watch former UCLA Women's Gymnastics Coach Valorie Kondos Field's full TED Talk here:  
For the launch of TED’s new advice column, psychologist Guy Winch helps a reader who's always canceling on friends get in touch with their inner extrovert: 
The real story of Rosa Parks — and why we need to confront myths about black history:  @blkeducator 
This children’s book author makes YouTube videos about quantum physics, rocket science and more. These are his secrets for communicating even the most complex concept: 
How climate change affects your mental health:  @brittwray 
Meet Freya, @dog_rates! She detects diseases by using her super-powered snoofer. 14/10 will save lives. 

Why everyone should be guaranteed a basic income:  @rcbregman
A look into the daily miracle of feeding a city: 
Ray Kroc didn't start McDonald's until 53 and Julia Child was 50 when she hosted her first TV show. This is what we can learn from successful late bloomers:

Diamonds are forever... but air pollution doesn't have to be. 
How one architect uses low-tech, natural materials to create awe-inspiring buildings: 
Stunning photographs of glacier caves... that won’t be there much longer: 
Hear the story of how the Montgomery, Alabama's lynching memorial came to be: 
Terrorist groups have discovered that they can get global attention by destroying irreplaceable ancient sites. Here's how they also profit from it: 
"My goal for the next decade is to try to make it as easy to save the world in real life as it is to save the world in online games." 
Whether it's a quarter-life, mid-life, or late-in-life crisis, let these talks give you some clarity: 
"Is change possible in our emotions, in our traits, in our moods? For that we have to ask, what is the nature of mind?" 
Investigating the regenerative process of our body's largest organ: 
Talks on the unusual, compelling and extraordinary aspects of the world around us: 
Not to open up a can of worms, but... 
Here's why one veteran says the phrase "Thank you for your service" just isn't enough: 
In 1963, Jacques Cousteau lived for 30 days in an underwater laboratory and set a world record in the process. In 2014, his grandson broke the record. 
"What does it take to live to 100 or beyond? The answer is not what we expect."

Watch Susan Pinker's full TED Talk here:  
Remember the fun of learning something new with talks that will spark joy and curiosity. Get TED in your inbox to get started:   
Build a healthy news diet — and resist clickbait: 
Silence can be awkward, strange, relieving, disheartening, and even healthy: 
The first general-purpose computer was actually programmed by a half-dozen female math whizzes: 
How political cartoons hold a mirror to society: 
Little-known stories of the first computer, the Sistine Chapel and other historical marvels: 
What if we could use our devices to cultivate self-compassion, not distraction? 
Our impact is so profound, most scientists believe humanity has left a permanent mark on Earth's geological record: 
Feeling overwhelmed? Take care of your mind with talks that will keep you motivated and inspired, sent straight to your inbox.  
"Dance can help restore joy and stability in troubled lives and ease the tensions in schools that are disrupted by violence and bullying." @SirKenRobinson 
Dictators hate political cartoons — so I keep drawing them:  @raymacaricatura 
Inside the hidden world of online content moderators: 
Journalist Carole Cadwalladr calls out the "gods of Silicon Valley" for helping dismantle free and fair elections: 
This filmmaker documents astonishing music and ritual the world rarely sees:  
Taking a year off can help you discover new skills, open yourself up to big changes, and more: 
"With the tip of a powerful microscope, we can actually move atoms and begin to create amazing nano devices."  
What really happens in your head during a concussion: 
An end to parasitic worms:  @TheENDFund @EllenAgler 
How we can all embrace risk and create a more equal world. 

Watch Pat Mitchell's full TED Talk here:  
Don't think you need to network? Up to 80 percent of jobs are never posted because they’ve already been filled — by referrals or internal candidates: 
One writer's experience of becoming one of America's working homeless: 
"If you are someone who has contemplated or attempted suicide, or you know somebody who has, talk about it; get help." 
You don't have to be alone to feel lonely. 
The secret business formula to avoiding an AI nightmare: 
Is it time for your second act? Third act? Fourth?  
The U.S. education system is clinging to a business model that clearly doesn’t work. Here's what we must do to fix it: 
When it comes to facts, focus on quality over quantity. 
From brain breaks to fidget spinners, this public school is changing how teachers can help disruptive students. 
How humans and AI can work together to create better businesses:  
Inside the world’s best nursing home for people with dementia: 
How powerful photography can make a difference in protecting our oceans: 
The conversation about nude photos and digital privacy we should have right now: 
When activated too long or too often, stress can damage virtually every part of our body: 
"When we show up for our kids and give them the opportunity to be seen, they can learn how to see themselves with clarity and honesty." 
Here's how you can make moments in your life more memorable: 
It has to do with pizza, so we'll hear him out. 
How virtual reality turns students into scientists:  
Whether you want to be a better leader or a better friend, get practical tips on self-growth sent to your inbox every week.  
"I don't mean being feared. It's not that kind of dangerous. But I do mean being more fearless."

Watch Pat Mitchell's full TED Talk here:  
A new type of medicine, custom-made with tiny proteins:  
Hyenas’ big brains enable them to recall each member’s voice and status, ensuring they have the political savvy to recognize friend from foe and negotiate their strict social hierarchy. 
5 TED speakers explore ways to push past the stigma and get talking about mental health on @TheTEDRadioHour: 
The water hyacinth disrupts schooling, commerce and many other parts of Nigerian life. Here's how this entrepreneur made that challenge an opportunity: 
The movie "I, Robot" may be more accurate than we think... 
Religion can reinvent itself to meet the needs of modern life. Here's how: 
A useful crash course in recognizing deception: 
Whether you do it for environment, your overflowing closet, or your barren wallet, this is how to get your consumption under control: 
Former UCLA Women's Gymnastics Coach Valorie Kondos Field calls for a time-out on our "win at all costs" culture. @OfficialMissVal

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
In observation of Holocaust Memorial Day, listen as Holocaust survivor Werner Reich shares how we can all show kindness to those who need it most.

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
My story of magic, kindness and survival during the Holocaust:  
Your invitation to engage in democracy — beyond voting: 
@flordetoloache @jacobcollier @RhiannonGiddens @johnlegend @rodgab TED2010 performer @AndrewBird was nominated for Best Folk Album this year. Watch his performance, where he blends his trademark violin technique with xylophone, vocals and electronic looping here: #GRAMMYs 


@flordetoloache @jacobcollier @RhiannonGiddens . @JohnLegend’s "A Legendary Christmas" was nominated for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album this year. Watch him perform “Redemption Song” by Bob Marley at TED2016: #GRAMMYs 


@flordetoloache @jacobcollier Best American Roots Performance #GRAMMYs nominee @RhiannonGiddens graced the stage at #TED2016. Watch her performance here:


@flordetoloache Congratulations to one-man band @JacobCollier, who bagged two Best Arrangement trophies at last night’s ceremony! Watch his kaleidoscopic performance from the TED stage: #GRAMMYs 


TEDWomen 2018 performer @FlorDeToloache was nominated for Best Latin Rock Album at the #GRAMMYs. Check out their performance from the TED stage here: 


In honor of the TED speakers who were recognized at the #GRAMMYs  last night, a tour through their unforgettable performances from the TED stage…
The short answer is, we're bad at estimating. 
This artist creates paint pigment from pollution: 
Have you lost someone you love? Are you supporting a friend in mourning? Here's the messy truth about grief:  @noraborealis
Bollywood actor and TED Talks India host @iamsrk shares eight TED Talks that inspire him: 
Want to change someone's mind about politics? Here's some practical advice: 
Wash yourself of a bad day with these uplifting talks: 
Here's a fun look at social dance, from the Charleston to the Dougie: 
The answer may surprise you (especially if you live in the US or China). 
"We teach girls that they can have ambition, but not too much ... to be successful, but not too successful, or they'll threaten men." — author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie 
The best weapon fight against childhood disease? Bar soap. 
Here are four common mistakes you might be making when asking someone for help: 
Before chickens were considered dinner, the Romans consulted them as oracles. 
"Talk to someone who has experienced one and they’ll tell you it’s worse being lonely in a marriage than it is being lonely by yourself." 
"There are some people who think that classical music is dying. And there are some of us who think you ain't seen nothing yet."  
Do you know the animal of the year you were born in? 
Upcycling our way to a better future: 
"In German, they have a word called 'zielschmer,' which is the dread of getting what you want." 
Keep working on what matters to you, whether it’s being a better friend or a better human. Sign up to get practical advice on self-growth sent to your inbox every week.  
"The fact that someone who wasn't me was putting limitations on my dreams and ambitions was preposterous. And unacceptable. So I ignored them." 
If you see selfish traits in your kid, don't freak out. They weren't born that way: 
"We read to get lost, to forget the hard times we're living in, and we read to remember those who came before us, who lived through something harder." — @JackieWoodson 
How the ocean's microbes are changing — and what it means for the future of the planet: 
The director of "Crazy Rich Asians" and the upcoming "In the Heights" film adaptation discusses the power of representation on the big screen. 

Watch Jon M. Chu's TED Talk here:  
If you want to: 
- Improve your communication skills
- Connect with new people
- Be more hopeful
- Learn something new 
Get TED in your inbox talks and tips to help you reach any of your goals.  
"When we look at the amount of time that’s taken in the unpaid sector, what we find is that in almost every country where I’ve ever seen the data, it is the single largest sector of the nation’s economy.”

Watch Marilyn Waring's full TED Talk here:  
What ocean microbes reveal about the changing climate:  
Here's what one woman learned from going a year without buying anything (except food): 
A cure for your foot-in-mouth syndrome: 
It’s okay to feel out of your depth sometimes. Here’s how to avoid freezing up when it happens: 
What makes work satisfying for you? 
“Even in science, we should make use of our feelings, because for breakthroughs and innovation, they are equally important as facts and logic.” 
Are you or have you ever been pregnant? Do you tidy up and shop for your household? Well, by GDP standards, you're unproductive: 
Knowing what's best for us isn't enough. We need motivation, too. 
Have you ever wondered, “Could I give a TED Talk?” Now’s your chance to find out. 
Why we take pictures — and how to do it with intention: 
Viruses are constantly encountering new species and attempting to infect them: 
"We are accepting of any body part breaking down other than our brains."

Watch Kevin Breel's full TED Talk here:  
The unpaid work that GDP ignores — and why it really counts:  
Here's how you can see your kids for who they are, not for who you want them to be: 
If you’re trying to be happier, healthier, or just a better version of yourself, we’re here for you. Join now to get TED in your inbox every week.  
This year’s @TEDFellow class represents 13 countries across four continents. Learn about their pioneering work here: 
Does photographing a moment steal the experience from you?  @erinoutdoors 
"The most profound leadership in the world isn't coming from halls of government. It's coming from women at the grassroots all across the globe." 
Humanity is more important than money — it’s time for capitalism to get an upgrade: 
Change your story, change your life. Watch therapist Lori Gottlieb's TED Talk to learn how:  
Humanity is more important than money — it’s time for capitalism to get an upgrade: 
How double-dutch carries Black identity across generations: 
Chronic illness needs a community-centered solution. Here's what that looks like: 
Feed your hunger, not your emotions: 
The case for a provocative idea: guaranteed basic income: 
"93 percent of males and 62 percent of females had viewed porn at least once before their first year of college." 
The case for granting legal personhood to water: 
What to say after "Are you okay?" 
What the history of pandemics can teach us about halting future outbreaks: 
A potential solution to preventing disease outbreaks: 
Watch @GretaThunberg's full TED Talk here:  
"Getting over heartbreak is not a journey. It's a fight, and your reason is your strongest weapon." — Guy Winch

Watch Guy's full TED Talk here:  
A personal health coach for those living with chronic diseases:  
"Two skills lie right at the heart of the future innovator: looking around and creating new solutions." 
Money shame: the painful belief that we are unworthy of love and belonging based on our bank accounts, our debts, our homes, our cars and our job titles. 
"For this disaster, we need to redefine our job as a first responder. We need to be more than just the cavalry. We need to do more than just save a life. We need to find ways to rebuild that life." @blazinwv 
Here's what we’re getting wrong about Africa's electricity crisis: 
"We need men now to be brave and be part of this transformation. I have spent most of my life calling men out, and I am here now, right now, to call you in." —Eve Ensler 
"If I could have dinner with anyone, dead or alive, I would. I am very lonely." @JonnySun 
A treasure trove of how-tos — from tying your shoes to finding work you love:  
Are indoor vertical farms the future of agriculture?  
A great idea will change how you see yourself. Sign up to get talks picked just for you, sent straight to your inbox.  
"Fire season is now 40 to 80 days longer each year. Because of this, climatologists are predicting that the area burned since 2000 will double or triple in the next three decades." 

Watch Paul Hessburg's full TED Talk here:  
Preview a time when robots and humans will work side-by-side to accomplish things neither could do alone: 
How designing brand-new enzymes could change the world:  
No matter your ups and downs, successes and failures, loves and losses — you can find comfort and strength in knowing you’re a basically good person. 
"We leave the lights on in empty rooms, and we leave the air conditioning on when nobody's home. That's 40 billion dollars a year wasted on electricity." 
The ways animals get down and dirty are myriad and bizarre: 
Three distinct groups of young people — digital orphans, exiles and heirs — will soon be entering colleges and workplaces. Here's how they'll fare: 
Here's how a teen's self-published novel got picked up by Random House — and Netflix: 
Is it scientifically possible to be immortal? 
"Ultimately, you judge the character of a society, not by how they treat their rich and the powerful and the privileged, but by how they treat the poor, the condemned, the incarcerated."

Watch "Just Mercy" author Bryan Stevenson's full TED Talk here:  
Since before the dawn of pop-up books, technology has helped us tell our own stories: 
"My drawings celebrate the beauty of what we all stand to lose." 
Emotional distance can creep into our most important bonds. Here's how to bridge the gap: 
Turns out, you don't have to read all 300 of those Amazon reviews: 
“It shouldn't be an act of feminism to know how your body works. It shouldn't be an act of feminism to ask for help when you're suffering.”   
Artist @JohnLegend performs “Redemption Song” by Bob Marley at TED 2016. 

Watch his full talk about transforming the criminal justice system here:  
Ava DuVernay, who directed the Oscar nominated film "Selma," shares why she thinks Martin Luther King Jr. would reject the idea of his own holiday. 
These talks prove that, sometimes, you have to lose to win.  
Take a load off and relax with these soothing TED Talks. 
Here's how your body decides if you're attracted to someone (in just milliseconds): 
These TED Talks are perfect for kiddos excited about science and technology: 
Not sure how to bridge the gap between you and someone you care about? Start with these tips: 
Me Too is a movement, not a moment:  
The science behind making a baby in a lab: 
"Why does the world need a male pill? Well, what if I told you that of the six million pregnancies annually in the United States, three million of them are unintended?" 
"One of the best ways to fool other people into thinking you’re better than you actually are is to fool yourself first." 
Using art and technology, this medical image-maker helps us visualize the unseen human body: 
From 2,000-year-old brain coral to an "underground forest" in South Africa: 
"Fresh evidence shows that in-person friendships create a biological force field against disease and decline." 
"This is a story about what happened in my city when we decided to think differently about panhandling, and lift people up through the dignity of work." 
These quick reads are life-changing: 
Is love all we need — or do we need it at all? 
Think twice the next time you say someone is "nice." 
"Here's to a new age of design, a new age of creation, that takes us from a nature-inspired design to a design-inspired nature." 
"Ultimately, you judge the character of a society, not by how they treat their rich and the powerful and the privileged, but by how they treat the poor, the condemned, the incarcerated." — "Just Mercy" author Bryan Stevenson 
It's time to get comfortable with asking for help: 
"Number two: almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes — including you." 
"Desire runs deep. Betrayal runs deep. But it can be healed. And some affairs are death knells for relationships that were already dying on the vine."

Watch Esther Perel's full TED Talk here:  
Let's talk about menstruation: 
"Ultimately, you judge the character of a society, not by how they treat their rich and the powerful and the privileged, but by how they treat the poor, the condemned, the incarcerated."

Watch "Just Mercy" author Bryan Stevenson's full TED Talk here:  
"When you can't talk about what's happening to your body, how do you break these myths?"

Watch Jen Gunter's full TED Talk here:  
Learn ancient Roman history through the eyes of a typical teen: 
The danger of AI isn’t that it’s too smart ... but that it isn’t smart enough: 
Here's how to keep your voice calm and strong — even when you feel the opposite. 
“What we fear most is that we will be denied the opportunity to fulfill our true potential."  @danpallotta
We know you're not going to give up your phone entirely. Here's how you can realistically cut down on screen time. 
Do you forget someone's name seconds after they've introduced themself? There is hope: 
The hidden cause of rising drug prices: 
The headline says it all. 
A path to security for the world's deadliest countries:  
What will your curiosity unlock? 

Find out with new ideas sent to your inbox every week. Join now:  
"This is the most exciting adventure human beings have been on. This is the greatest superpower we have ever had." 
Why are drug prices so high? Investigating the outdated US patent system:  @pritikrishtel 
How we can use chemical reactions that capture and reuse CO2 like trees do — at a vast scale: 
This former neo-Nazi has convinced over 100 people to walk away from the movement so far. Here's how: 
Watch until the end for a big surprise! 
How to change your behavior for the better: 
"Everyone keeps saying climate change is an existential threat, and yet they just carry on like before. I don't understand that, because if the emissions have to stop, then we must stop the emissions. To me that is black or white." @GretaThunberg 
Insightful perspectives and practical advice to help you face your financial situation with honesty and compassion: 
"Empathy is not endorsement."

Watch Dylan Marron's full TED Talk here:  
After last night's Jeopardy championship, TED Speaker Ken Jennings is officially the GOAT. Watch his talk here: 
How supply chain transparency can help the planet:  
The carbon-trapping resource that we're walking all over: 
Why you should put a sticker on your webcam right now. Do it. Now. 
"When we tell women that sex isn't worth the risk during pregnancy, what we're telling her is that her sexual pleasure doesn't matter ... that she in fact doesn't matter." 
Brilliant, simple advice on how to get your passion back: 
Does what you're wearing on the outside match what's on the inside? 
How adversity makes us better problem-solvers: 
"What if I told you that the medical science discovered over the past century has been based on only half the population?" 
Here's how you can make moments in your life more memorable: 
How guest worker visas could transform the US immigration system:  @David_J_Bier 
What happened when "Jeopardy!" champ Ken Jennings went up against Watson, IBM's supercomputer: 
How adversity makes us better problem-solvers:  
A biological replacement for plastic, leather and (almost) everything else: 
"When we don’t value ourselves by asking for what we’re worth, it doesn’t just affect us; it affects the companies, our neighbors, and everyone the buck doesn’t get passed down to." 
Millions of meals served later, chef José Andrés shares the remarkable story of creating the world's biggest restaurant: 
Whether you want to be a better leader or a better friend, get practical tips on self-growth sent to your inbox every week.  
Ask yourself three questions before sending another box into the chaos: 
"When it comes to race relations, sometimes, we've got to know how to pray, think through, process, prepare. And other times, we've got to know how to push, how to do something." 
Here's why diets tend to do more harm than good:


Anger doesn't cloud your thinking. It clears it. 
Anger doesn't cloud your thinking. It clears it. 
Knowing racism exists and empathizing with its victims are two different things. Here's why we need both: 
A Spotify playlist to help you start 2020 with stronger confidence, better communication and — hopefully — more sleep: 
Here's what happens when two monkeys are offered unequal pay for the same task. 

Watch Frans de Waal's full TED Talk here:  
If you're on a tidying kick, this talk can help you let go of things you don't need. 
Why "biofabrication" is the next industrial revolution:  
Giving yourself a few distraction-free minutes or hours can help you get in touch with who you are and what matters to you. 
We are deeply saddened to hear that TED-Ed educator Mari Foroutan was among the victims of the Flight PS752 crash in Iran. Her work inspired learners all around the world, and we’re grateful she shared her research with us. Watch her TED-Ed lesson here:


Here are the must-dos that you need to check off your list before you get that diploma: 
So here's a fun question: How does the mammalian erection work? 
Everything you've ever wanted to know about spicy food. 
Explore art made out of books, chocolate, human body parts, and more: 
"I felt free once I realized I was never going to fit the narrow mold that society wanted me to fit in. I was never going to be perfect enough for an industry that defines perfection from the outside in. And that's okay." @AshleyGraham 
What do shorter work weeks have to do with combating climate change and gender inequality?  
The real drama of the sharing economy is yet to come: 
The best place to live out the American Dream.... is far away from America.  
A cure for your foot-in-mouth syndrome: 
Learn something new without your brain breaking a sweat: 
"I felt free once I realized I was never going to fit the narrow mold that society wanted me to fit in. I was never going to be perfect enough for an industry that defines perfection from the outside in. And that's okay." 
How one chef is honoring his roots by cooking his way through history: 
Married men earn about 26 percent more than single men at equivalent levels: 
Why you should prioritize — and plan for — a fulfilling social life: 
"Even at the moment of your failure, right then, you are beautiful. You don't know it yet, but you have the ability to reinvent yourself endlessly." 
"I’m of the mind that we should arm ourselves with knowledge about how to make our relationships — all of them, no matter if they’re of the chosen or biological variety — awesome." 
The choices we make when we fall in love: 
There's one tiny plastic that ocean experts want to ban even more than straws. 
"Why is it that, in creative writing courses today, the very first thing we teach students is 'write what you know'? We should teach young people and ourselves to expand our hearts and write what we can feel."

Watch Elif Shafak's full TED Talk here:  
These are the benefits of pursuing "good enough" over perfection — at work and in your personal life: 
First tip: Never start with "let's talk." 
Basic chemistry explains why dough spreads and gets a perfect caramel-y color in the oven: 
"A lot of people think that it is a big, scary thing to be online if you're not already perfectly and fully formed. But I think the internet can be actually a great place to not know." @JonnySun 
How to build resilient communities on the front lines of climate change: 
"Talk to someone who has experienced one and they’ll tell you it’s worse being lonely in a marriage than it is being lonely by yourself." 
Here's why diets tend to do more harm than good: 
Many of us hold deeply ingrained beliefs about ourselves that are simply not true. This is how you can free yourself from the stories that are holding you down: 
A swarm of mini drones makes ... magic!  @virtualmagician 
Nourish your mind with ideas that will give you hope for a better world. Sign up to get knowledge and inspiration in your inbox every week.   
Climate change will displace millions. Here's how we prepare:  @CPichonBattle 
Three ways we can move from the politics of "me" to the politics of "all of us, together": 
"By thinking about how we use our time today, we can free up our hours in the future." 
This is how Russia's fake news empire works: 
Whether you're starting a new habit in the new year — or breaking an old one — these talks will set you up for success: 
What we can learn from the world’s most digitalized country: 
"In any area of talent, including leadership, there is very little overlap between confidence and competence." 
"Sometimes the illusion of knowledge can be more dangerous than ignorance."

Watch Pico Iyer's full TED Talk here:  
Start the New Year off right and get talks chosen just for you, sent to your inbox.  
Thinking small can create big change:  
What a digital government looks like:  
Why we should reclaim love as a revolutionary act: 
And how to outsmart them:  
"Emotions create habits. Not repetition. Not frequency. Not fairy dust." 
Powerful photos show the reality of life on Native American reservations:  
A school with no walls, whose students play on the roof: 
Why did dinosaurs dominate the planet for so long? 
It's okay if 2020 isn't off to the start you'd hoped for. Find solace in these comforting talks: 
"The paradox of happiness is that even though the objective conditions of our lives have improved dramatically, we haven't actually gotten any happier." 
Five TED speakers explore ways to push past the stigma and start talking more about mental health: 
The secret weapon that let dinosaurs take over the planet:  @paleofox 
One woman read a book from every country in one year. Here are her favorites: 
Have you ever wondered, “Could I give a TED Talk?” Now’s your chance to find out. 
Why you should prioritize — and plan for — a fulfilling social life: 
Go from unconscious judging to conscious observation: 
Talks that explore the struggles and rewards of raising a human: 
What's more convenient than online shopping? Downloading your new clothes: 

The UN predicts that antimicrobial resistance will be our biggest killer by 2050. Here's how we can fight it:  
Studies show that brief, intense bursts of activity have real health benefits: 
Go from unconscious judging to conscious observation: 
Talks guaranteed to cheer you up: 
The urgent case for antibiotic-free animals:  
This is what a world built to be joyful would look like. 

Watch Ingrid Fetell Lee's full TED Talk here:  
"Gradually, and painfully, I came to realize that I had been just as judgmental of those who had sent me hate mails as they had been of me." 
To measure what's really valuable in our economy, we must look beyond price: 
As we expect more from technology, do we expect less from each other? 
The search for dark matter — and what we've found so far:  @RisaWechsler 
Here's how your body decides if you're attracted to someone (in just milliseconds): 
To challenge the status quo, find a "co-conspirator":  @IpsitaDasgupta 
Here's why dark matter matters: 
Give yourself a new conversation starter. Move past small talk with ideas that will help you connect with friends and family, sent straight to your inbox.  
"You don’t just 'find' your calling — you have to fight for it." 
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
Looking to make a big change? These talks will get you started. 
Saying someone is “an inspiration” or “brave” might not be the compliment you think it is:  
It can take a plastic bottle 1,000 years to decompose. 
Even for non-believers, the zodiac system is a great way to understand Chinese culture: 
Learn how to talk to anyone, anywhere: 
You should consider adding "learn a new language" to your New Year's resolutions. 
From where to eat to who to marry, our lives are full of computational problems: 
The infuriating reason why overbooking is good for business: 
"In every other part of our lives, we give ourselves room to grow — except in this one, where it matters most." 
"There is no virgin seal that magically disappears after sex, and half of virgins can easily have sex without bleeding." 
I woke up... like this? 
3 excuses we use to avoid starting big projects — and how to get past them: 
12 TED Talks to motivate you in the New Year: 
There are 3 billion working people on this planet. Only 40% report being happy at work. This is what makes them so satisfied: 
Well, this explains a lot. 
An innovative way to give senior citizens newfound mobility and access to nature: bicycles made for three! 
6 TED Talks to help you manage your money: 
Forget big data. It's time for thick data. 
The past, present and future of nicotine addiction:  
"People who can construct finely-grained emotional experiences go to the doctor less frequently, use medication less frequently, and spend fewer days hospitalized for illness." 
14 TED Talks to help you be your best self: 
You'll do a double take at these wacky corals (that are really made of yarn): 
Small, frequent purchases are killing your savings. Here's how you can cut down: 
"You can't have full rehabilitation without these life skills. This idea that only professionals can invest and manage money is absolutely ridiculous, and whoever told you that is lying."  
How we can make animal products without the animal (and why we need to): 
Have a smarter start to the new year. Get joy, curiosity and knowledge delivered to your inbox every week. Get started:   
Dangerous times call for dangerous women:  @patmitchell 
Start the New Year off right and get talks chosen just for you, sent to your inbox.   
Unlink your credit card from apps and websites you impulsively shop on — and other little tips for saving your cash: 
"Machine intelligence is the last invention that humanity will ever need to make. Machines will then be better at inventing than we are." 
Talk back to that negative voice inside your head:  
This woman grew up in the Westboro Baptist Church... and then she joined Twitter. 
If lying means making more money, what motivates people to tell the truth? 
How medicine's culture of denial and shame keeps doctors from ever learning from their mistakes:  
"I’m of the mind that we should arm ourselves with knowledge about how to make our relationships — all of them, no matter if they’re of the chosen or biological variety — awesome." 
Here's why you should have a candid family meeting where everyone can express their opinions, negotiate and compromise on how the household is run:  @hajershareif
Change your story, change your life: 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
Start the New Year with the tools to reach your goals: 
Can you imagine Times Square as a wetland? What New York City looked like 400 years ago: 
Got big goals you have no real desire to accomplish? Here's exactly what to do: 
Which would you rather have: two weeks’ additional salary or two weeks off? 
How you can use your strengths, values and experiences to lead you to your passion: 
Teens aren't getting enough sleep. And it's not because of social media and smart phones: 
I tried to find God. This is what I found instead. 
Here's why you should ask someone "What is 25 times 25?" during a job interview: 
When a disaster happens, this is how you can effectively help: 
New year, new you. Here's a simple way to rethink the meaning of your life: 
Love yourself. 
"Our own mind can be our best friend or our worst enemy." 
"You are not just your job." 
"So why did we keep trying when all the adults said it was impossible? Well, maybe it's because we're kids. We don't know any better." 
Here's how to find out if you're a "multipotentialite": 
This under-reported phenomenon causes perfectly sane people to hallucinate: 
“My genitals do not tell you what I want or like. I do.” 
Don't wait to be a hero. 
There's no place like home, so make it the best it can be: 
This is the best way to introduce yourself to someone new. 
How to think outside the box with your New Year's resolutions: 
"People who are more socially connected to family, to friends, to community, are happier, they're physically healthier, and they live longer than people who are less well connected."

Watch Robert Waldinger's full TED Talk here:  
Where do you go when you really need to get something done? 
Get a head start on those New Year's resolutions with inspiration for all aspects of your life: 
First of all, you probably don't. Second, this isn't about you. 
There's still so much to know about those closest to us: 
You don't "bounce back" from adversity. You battle your way out. 
Whether it’s with a partner, family member, friend, boss or colleague, ending a relationship is hard. But even harder can be what comes afterward. 
How to make New Year's resolutions that actually work out this time: 
Want to reach your goals in the new year? Stop believing these 5 myths about success: 
Why you should add 'get more sleep' to your New Year's resolutions: 
For the hoarders out there: 
Playing games isn't a waste of time. In fact, it could buy you more: 
"Number two: almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes — including you." 
Three steps for working through your unresolved feelings: 
Here's why we should all try to be "semi-vegetarians": 
"You don't think in depression that you've put on a gray veil and are seeing the world through the haze of a bad mood. You think that the veil has been taken away, the veil of happiness, and that now you're seeing truly." 
“We want it both ways: we want love to feel like madness, and we want it to last an entire lifetime. That sounds terrible.”

Watch @LenMandy's full TED Talk here:  
The danger of AI is that it will do exactly what we want it to:  
Three steps for working through your unresolved feelings: 
How to stop that critical voice inside your head: 
If you want to: 
-Connect with loved ones 
-Be more hopeful 
-Learn something new 
-Become a better human 
We’ll send you the perfect TED Talks to help you become the best version of yourself. Get started:  
There's never a bad time to start a good habit. 
If you need help learning how to back off at work, start here. 
Learn how to show up as yourself: 
"Just as we have marriage ceremonies to mark the beginning of a union, we also need rituals to mark the end." 
"Most of what kids currently learn at school will probably be irrelevant by the time they are 40." 
How to stop that critical voice inside your head: 
How to cure micromanagement at work: 
"Human beings are works in progress that mistakenly think they're finished." 
Work isn’t burning you out. Thinking about it is. 
Is your family driving you nuts? Escape with these talks: 
How to start making smarter choices for your future self: 
Why we must find "slow time" in a speed-obsessed world: 
"Most of what kids currently learn at school will probably be irrelevant by the time they are 40." 
"Show a people as one thing, as only one thing, over and over again, and that is what they become." — Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie 

Watch the full TED Talk here:   
11 things you should know before you start your career: 
Why we must find "slow time" in a speed-obsessed world: 
"Nothing happens if you always do things the same way. My method is to do things I'm afraid of, the things I don't know, to go to territory that nobody's ever been." 
The beautiful balance between courage and fear:  @carayarkhan 
Ask yourself these two questions when you get dressed each morning: 
What are you doing with your life?! 
“Don't be defined by what you didn't know or didn't do. You're deciding your life right now.” 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
A sex educator shares the keys to a happy sex life: 
This is what a home made out of plants and meat could look like:  
These two technologies are about to make fake news way, way worse: 
A sex educator shares the keys to a happy sex life: 
"I didn't think I had the right to be depressed." 
Build up your romantic competence: 
It's awkward to tell you this on Twitter, but... 
"It's not good enough just to tolerate people who disagree. It's not good enough. We have to remember that we need people who disagree with us." 
Why are some people more likely to help others — even when it’s an enormous risk and cost to themselves? 

Watch Abigail Marsh's full TED Talk here:  
Beat your holiday stress with these beautiful books. 
Who doesn't love surprises? Get the gift of TED in your inbox every week.  
How to bring confidence and joy back to the bedroom: 
Here's how to find more joy in life: 
PSA: Cuddle after sex! 
Do you forget someone's name seconds after they've introduced themself? There is hope:  
Research-backed tips to help you stick to your New Year's resolutions way past February: 
Why winning doesn't always equal success:  @OfficialMissVal 
Life is full of moments that shape us — and if we're lucky, we might pick up some wisdom along the way. In his last episode as host of @TEDRadioHour, Guy Raz and TED speakers share some of the life lessons they've learned. 
"If we learn to think of our internal voice as that of an advisor rather than a dictator, it can become enormously helpful to us." 
You'll never run out of ideas. Feed your curiosity with talks that will expand your mind. Join now:  
These are the 5 kinds of mentors you should look for: 
Could your thoughts make you age faster?

What an unhealthy relationship looks like: 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
You're not as good at spotting bad people as you think: 
How to turn off work thoughts during your free time:  @GuyWinch 
Think twice about those “free” online returns. 

Watch Aparna Mehta's full TED Talk here:  
How civilization could destroy itself — and 4 ways we could prevent it:  
It only takes 15 min. 
How to stand up tall, no matter what has you down: 
It only takes 15 min. 
Your outlook on life can actually cause your cells to age faster: 
"Empathizing with someone you profoundly disagree with does not compromise your own deeply held beliefs and endorse theirs. It just means acknowledging the humanity of someone who was raised to think differently." 
This is why fake news spreads faster than the truth: 
What we're getting wrong in the fight to end hunger:  @jasminecrowe 
Stop checking your email during meetings. Yes, you. 
We're down to the wire for holiday shopping, people. These reads will be surefire hits: 
Turns out, you don't have to read all 300 of those Amazon reviews: 
Strengthening your skepticism muscles will teach you a lot about the world. 
Is your family driving you nuts? Escape with these talks: 
Instead of fearing stress, here's how to befriend it: 
Did your last vacation feel less than refreshing? It was probably missing one of these important factors: 
“It’s an understanding that regardless of how I show up, I’m enough because I said so.” 
If you want to: 
-Get ahead at work 
-Be more hopeful 
-Learn something new 
-Become a better human 
We’ll send you the perfect TED Talks to help you become the best version of yourself.  
Have difficulty pooping away from home? Here's how your brain decides when it's time to go.

Watch Giulia Ender's full TED Talk here:  
This giant squid is as tall as a two-story house. The footage of it attacking the camera is incredible: 
People and businesses routinely use five techniques to get us to do what they want:  
Thinking about quitting social media? This man has never had a social media account — and shares 3 reasons why you should join him: 
It only takes 20 hours to learn something new: 
10 things you didn't know about orgasm: 
These interactive maps of the world spotlight 196 books from 196 countries. Pinpoint your next read: 
What's happening in our bodies when we get car sick? 
This conflict resolution expert has lead negotiations between companies, political factions and even gangs. Here's what every group, from families to workplace teams, can learn from his tactics: 
Hear from the woman who's coached hundreds of speakers for their TED Talks: 
"Our challenge is to find the compassion for others that we want them to have for us." 
"Even at the moment of your failure, right then, you are beautiful. You don't know it yet, but you have the ability to reinvent yourself endlessly." 
For five years, @tsheringtobgay served as prime minister of Bhutan, the only country that absorbs more CO2 than it produces. Here's why he and other leaders are pledging to #jointhecountdown and fight climate change.

Learn more about @TEDCountdown at  
British comic Omid Djalili gives his hilarious take on some divisive topics — from cultural stereotypes to Brexit: 
How the gut microbes you're born with affect your lifelong health:  
Tips on how to hack your relationship with your phone, from a productivity expert: 
How to raise kids who love nature: 
Fill in the blank: Before I die I want to... 
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
Research suggests that even working 40 hours a week is too much. 
Introspection is incredibly important, but ruminating is damaging. Here's how to stay on the right side of self-reflection:  
Move past being happy all the time and find meaning instead:   
Gender and biological sex are much more complicated than x and y chromosomes. This new field of science is finding interesting answers: 
Get joy, curiosity, knowledge, delivered straight to your inbox.   
Let yourself get lost in your thoughts. 
Married men earn about 26 percent more than single men at equivalent levels: 
After realizing how much time, money, and stress their annual gift exchange was costing them, one family figured out a way to do it painlessly.  
If the gloomy winter days are getting you down, these TED Talks can be a reminder of the beauty in life. 
Holiday party tip: come ready to gracefully exit a conversation. Here's how you do it: 
"I made a choice today to reveal a part of myself that I have hidden for too long." 
"I hope that if your burden gets too heavy, you'll ask for a hand." 
.@CFigueres, one of the architects of the Paris Agreement, gives an inside look at her work on @TEDCountdown, an ambitious initiative to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to net-zero. Listen to this and more on this episode of #TheTEDInterview on @Spotify:  
Have a self-deprecating sense of humor? You might be better at relationships: 
If your mind is spiraling with doubts about starting your next big project, this perspective can help: 
What harmful stories are you telling yourself about who you are and the mistakes you've made? 
The case for granting legal personhood to water: 
Speaking a new language can be way easier — if you get over these two insecurities: 
Work on the things that really matter to you, whether it's becoming a better communicator or becoming more hopeful. Get the perfect talks to get you where you want to go, sent to your inbox.  
Blame, division and “OK Boomer” won’t get us anywhere. According to activist @xiyebastida, intergenerational cooperation is the answer to solving the climate crisis. To learn more about how you can help, #jointhecountdown at  @F4F_NYC @TEDCountdown 
"How does our desire for perfection, precision and automation affect our ability to be creative?"

Watch Sougwen Chung's full TED Talk here:  
How to keep going after you've found your purpose: 
Why lakes and rivers should have the same rights as humans: 
Memoirs, novels, children’s books and more for everyone on your list: 
The old myth that humans use only 10 percent of their brains is wrong: 
There's a biological reason why you're always tired. 
If you're usually a Negative Nelly, this is for you. 
For over 75 years, this famous study has tracked the lives of 724 men. These were the strongest predictors they found for a happy and healthy life: 
How to make inefficiency work for us:  @edward_tenner 
Last week, we unveiled @TEDCountdown, a global campaign to cut greenhouse gas emissions. Watch the announcement event (featuring scientists, celebrities, activists and more), and visit  for more information. #JoinTheCountdown 
Here's how to leave your work stress at the office: 
A guide to collaborative leadership:  @lorna_davis10 
"I’ll repeat something you might consider tattooing on your forehead: What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do." 
Before you go to a holiday party, you should know how to leave a boring conversation: 
These talks will help you survive your job until your holiday break. 
Here are four common mistakes you might be making when asking someone for help: 
.@CFigueres one of the architects of the Paris Agreement gives an inside look at her work on @TEDCountdown, an ambitious initiative to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to net-zero. Listen to this and more on this episode of #TheTEDInterview on @Spotify:  
This is the devastating reality for people in long-term solitary confinement. 

Watch Laura Rovner's full TED Talk here:  
An honest look at price, innovation and who powers the economy:  @MazzucatoM
Work on the things that really matter to you, whether it's being a better person or a better friend. Get the perfect talks to help you get where you want to go, sent to your inbox.  
Climate activist @GretaThunberg was just named Time's Person of the Year. She's the youngest individual to ever receive the honor. 

Watch Greta's full TED Talk on why we need to start acting on climate change now:  
Here's how to train your mind to feel happier: 
Estonia is the first country in the world to offer “e-residency." Here's how it works: 
"It turns out that people who are more socially connected to family, to friends, to community, are happier, they're physically healthier, and they live longer than people who are less well connected."

Watch Robert Waldinger's full TED Talk here:  
Want to be a great communicator? Break these 4 bad habits: 

Viruses have a bad reputation — but some of them could one day save your life. 
"Money is the most successful story ever invented by humans, because it is the only story everybody believes." 
"Maybe machines don’t need to be just tools, but they can function as nonhuman collaborators." 

Watch Sougwen Chung's full TED Talk here:  
Have trouble thinking positively? This will help.  
Why I protest for climate justice:  @JaneFonda 
“I had assumed that successful people didn't feel like frauds, and I now know that the opposite is more likely to be true.” 
 
While on a spacewalk, astronaut Chris Hadfield suddenly went blind. Here's what he did to keep himself calm: 
"Everything you know about time management is wrong.” 
Before you head into your yearly review at work, watch these talks: 
The profound power of an authentic apology:  
The increasing pace of modern life — and how we can adapt:  @kebouskill 
Public speaking can be terrifying — but it doesn’t have to be. 
 
"Show a people as one thing, as only one thing, over and over again, and that is what they become." — Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Does your life feel like chaos? Here's how to find some stillness every day:  
Here's why your cat is such a weirdo sometimes: 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
Weird facts about orgasm, from obscure scientific research:  
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
Learn how to label your feelings correctly: 
Before you reach for the can of Raid (or your shoe), read this: 
"93 percent of males and 62 percent of females had viewed porn at least once before their first year of college." 
How to build an Alzheimer's-resistant brain:  @LisaGenova 
6 ways to diffuse your heated dinner arguments: 
Photographs of everyday objects from the richest to the poorest households: 
How much of what you think about psychology is actually wrong? 
The world is lying to you about your body. Teach your mind to see things differently: 
What's your excuse for skipping the gym tonight? 
Here's how to keep your voice calm and strong — even when you feel the opposite. 
This is the difference between having depression and just feeling depressed: 
"Everything happens for a reason" — and other lies I've loved:  @KatecBowler 
"I'd like to encourage all of you to go out and help push the boundaries of science, even if it may at first seem as mysterious to you as a black hole."  
The science is in. If your camera captures the moment, then your brain doesn’t.  
"The clitoris is not a button, it is an iceberg." Everything you never knew about the clitoris: 

"The United States has to come to grips with its failure to invest in its children. It's the Achilles' heel of this nation. How can you be one of the biggest economies in this world and let 13.2 million children live in poverty?" 
Companies don't have ideas. Only people do. 
Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin talk about their delightful, decades-long friendship: 
"In a world fractured by religious, political and racial divides, at the most fundamental level, we are all the same." 
Former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright on why women's issues deserve a place at the center of foreign policy: 
"The average man that might say, 'I'm against the abuse of women and girls,' quietly accepts the privileged position that we occupy." — Jimmy Carter 
In the opioid crisis, here's what it takes to save a life:  @blazinwv 
@Janefonda Want to do something about the climate crisis? TED is on a mission to reduce greenhouse emissions to zero, and we need your help. Get involved at  #JoinTheCountdown
Actress and activist @JaneFonda spoke at #TEDWomen about why she’s taking bold action to fight climate change. #FireDrillFriday 
Why we should reclaim love as a revolutionary act: 
"A grieving person is going to laugh again and smile again. Yes, they're going to move forward. But that doesn't mean that they've moved on." 
"Once you know what you want, understand why you want it. Make sure you want it because there's something not that you should do, but something you must do." @StaceyAbrams 
"When women come forward, they're still called liars and troublemakers and demeaned and trashed and demoted and blacklisted and fired. Reporting sexual harassment can be, in many cases, career-ending." 
Can buildings create and nurture relationships?  
"If it would destroy him to be called a girl, what are we then teaching him about girls?"  
@netflix Thank you for coming to my TED Talk
A video game that helps us understand loneliness:  @CorneliaGeppert 
"The world will say to you, 'Be a better person.' Do not be afraid to say, 'Yes.'" 
A counter-argument to canceling your gym membership: 
Three questions that can help bridge our fiercest differences:  
"Bravery is learned, and like anything learned, it just needs to be practiced." 
"You can chase your dreams at any age. You're never too old." 
"We own our emotions, they don't own us." 
How quantum technology holds the potential to transform medicine, create unbreakable encryption and even teleport information: 
We're so excited to be here in Palm Springs, California for #TEDWomen! 
The problem of light pollution — and 5 ridiculously easy ways to fix it:  
After realizing how much time, money, and stress their annual gift exchange was costing them, one family figured out a way to do it painlessly.  
17-year-old climate activist @Jamie_Margolin explores how systems of oppression have fueled the climate crisis:

Meritocracy is a myth. This is the real key to getting ahead at work: 
3 ways to be a more effective fundraiser:  
Dan Clay was worried about being dismissed as "too gay" at work, so he dialed down his personality. But then his alter ego, Carrie Dragshaw, went viral online. Here's what happened next. 
"It's not just the most elemental design ever — it's also such a crazy fashion statement." 
Are you going through a breakup? The sadness, processing, and healing can feel like it takes forever. We want to hear your stories of dealing with heartbreak - whether it's your 1st or your 50th. Leave us a voicemail and you may be a part of a secret TED project: 1-503-832-7563 
If you want to: 
-Get ahead at work 
-Be more hopeful 
-Learn something new 
-Become a better human 
We’ll send you the perfect TED Talks to your inbox to help you become the best version of yourself.  
How I'm using biological data to tell better stories — and spark social change:  @hjboisvert 
Four TED speakers offer tips on how to raise independent, resilient kids: 
Dragonflies can catch prey with near perfect accuracy, the best among all predators. Here's why: 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list: 
"Exercise is the most transformative thing that you can do for your brain today." @wasuzuki 
Want to achieve your goals? Pick up these 4 habits: 
These are instant red flags: 
“Farmworkers have essentially been the invisible men and women of the US labor force for generations." 
How I use art to tackle plastic pollution in our oceans:  
Your online shopping habit might cost more than you think.  #CyberMonday
Unlink your credit card from apps and websites you impulsively shop on — and other little tips to help you save money: 
Answer these 10 questions to find out how much perfectionism is holding you back. 
“There’s very good evidence that shows when you confront people with a ton of facts that contradict their worldview, it actually causes them to hold their existing beliefs more strongly.”  
Slowing down is an art. This is how you master it: 
Are you a misfit? Grieving a loved one? Don't know how to make new friends? These tips are for you: 
"Depression doesn’t diminish a person’s desire to connect with other people, just their ability." 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Ever see something floating across your field of vision? These are the facts you need to know about floaters: 
How we convince ourselves to believe — and overlook the facts (featuring some funny demonstrations):  
Whether you're a new parent, changing careers, or just trying to figure out being an adult, we're here to help you through all of it. Get the perfect talks to get you where you want to go, sent to your inbox.  
The string theory explainer you've been waiting for: 
Learn to forgive yourself for the moments when anxiety gets in your way: 
This ornate 240-page book from the 1400s is one of history's biggest unsolved mysteries. The reason why? No one can figure out what it says. 

"Only dead people never get stressed, never get broken hearts, never experience the disappointment that comes with failure. Tough emotions are part of our contract with life." 
Here's why diets tend to do more harm than good:


Is your family driving you nuts? Escape with these talks: 
Stop lecturing and learn how to turn everyday interactions into teaching moments: 
How to encourage kids to think critically from an early age: 
Have six minutes to spare? Plenty of time to learn 40 Chinese characters:  
Turn someone's whole day around with these tips for thoughtful compliments: 
Have six minutes to spare? Plenty of time to learn 40 Chinese characters:  
Did your last vacation feel less than refreshing? It was probably missing one of these important factors: 
This is the big difference between a human's brain and a dog's brain: 
We love you, you beautiful mess. 
A fascinating, creepy video tour of abandoned shopping malls: 
Recover from all the family time by giving yourself a brain break, on your terms. Get talks picked just for you, straight to your inbox. No moving required.  
Memoirs, novels, children’s books and more for everyone on your list: 
How to (actually) enjoy learning a new language: 
Keep fake handbags off your holiday gift list! 
70 books to read when you’re looking for a completely different perspective on life: 
You've probably taken aspirin or ibuprofen for everyday aches and pains, but do you know how these pain relievers actually work? 
This is your brain on sugar. 
Outsmart your own brain: 
The three things you need to make a marriage work, and how to spot them while you're dating: 
Do you ever order clothes online in different sizes and colors just to try them on and then send back what doesn't work? Yeah, maybe stop doing that. 
My journey to thank all the people responsible for my morning coffee:  @ajjacobs 
Not sure how to make conversation with your relatives? Here's what to ask your family at Thanksgiving:  #TheGreatListen
"Standing in solidarity is something we should all aspire to do and we can do if we work together."

Powerful photos show the reality of life on Native American reservations:  
What happens in your brain when you taste food:  
A clever, easy way to turn family chaos into peace and calm: 
From making pleasant small talk with your distant relatives to explaining your job to your grandparents, we're here to help! Get the perfect talks to help you navigate all your holiday conversations.  
How smartphones really work:  
Tribal attorney Tara Houska shares how we can support Native people in the U.S. 

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
Fascinating animations that will occupy those in the back seat, and educate them along the way: 
The fear around Alzheimer's partially stems from the feeling that there's nothing we can do about it. Here's why that's not completely true:  
Your thinking patterns impact how you see yourself. Here's how to work through some of the ones that don't serve you. 
"If your creativity is driven by a desire to get attention, you're never going to be creatively fulfilled." @hitRECordJoe 

Small families don't have to mean small celebrations. In this preview for his new advice column, psychologist Guy Winch shares how you can still find community during the holiday season: 
It’s okay to feel out of your depth sometimes. Here’s how to avoid freezing up when it happens: 
Want to avoid arguments with your family or just talk about something other than the weather with your coworkers? Get tips and talks in your inbox to prepare you for all the conversations you'll have during the holidays.   
Screens are almost inevitable when you've got kids in the back seat. These fun, animated lessons are the perfect way to mix in something educational:  
We usually think of love as a mysterious thing that happens to us. But can you control love? This hour, TED speakers on whether we can decide to fall in — and out of — love.  
How you can use impostor syndrome to your benefit:  @mcannonbrookes 
Our podcast WorkLife with Adam Grant wants to hear how you found the right culture fit for you. Fill out this form and tell us your experience, and if you found a better place to work:  
"We're beginning the age in which machines attached to our bodies will make us stronger and more efficient." 
If you want to: 
-Get ahead at work 
-Be more hopeful 
-Learn something new 
-Become a better human 
We’ll send you the perfect TED Talks to help you become the best version of yourself.  
 
These tips will make a conversationalist out of anyone. 

Watch Celeste Headlee's full TED Talk here:  
Knowing more than one language keeps your brain healthy, complex and actively engaged. 
“Climate change has become one of the taboo topics — like sex, politics and religion — that doesn’t get talked about at the Thanksgiving table." 
Storytelling dos and don'ts that will elevate your next presentation or speech: 
7 beliefs that can silence women — and how to unlearn them:  @deepavop 
Why I draw with robots:  @sougwen 
Why dirty money is far too easy to hide:  
“I exist because I have my women friends. They make me stronger, they make me smarter, they make me braver. They tap me on the shoulder when I might be in need of course-correcting.” — @Janefonda 
Why are pencils hexagons, and where did they get their iconic yellow paint? 
Couples who sustain strong sexual connections over multiple decades have two things in common: 
You've probably taken aspirin or ibuprofen for everyday aches and pains, but do you know how these pain relievers actually work? 
Myth 1: Women are biologically less interested in casual sex.
Myth 2: Monogamous sex is better and safer, and monogamous people have better relationships.
Myth 3: Sex is immoral and dangerous.

Here's what the research actually says:

"Reclaiming your language and embracing your culture is a powerful way to be yourself." 
The factors in childhood that predict success later in life: 
This personality trait is a major predictor of success: 
"If you raise your level of positivity, then your brain performs significantly better. Your intelligence rises, your creativity rises, your energy levels rise." 
"The act of noticing is a crucial part of gratitude; you can’t be grateful if your attention is scattered."  
Can numbers and formulas be a gateway to empathy and understanding? 
“We think we have to be successful, then we’ll be happier. But our brains work in the opposite order." 
This pricing expert wants to create a Netflix-style model for pharmaceuticals:

Watch Jean-Manuel Izaret's full TED Talk here:  
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who argue with you. 
"Anyone who is suffering from shame and public humiliation needs to know one thing: You can survive it." — Monica Lewinsky 
“Patients are turning away form mainstream medicine, turning to medical marijuana dispensaries because those dispensaries are giving them what they need.”

Watch David Casarett's full TED Talk here:  
"Psychology should be just as concerned with human strength as it is with weakness. It should be just as concerned with building strength as with repairing damage." 
10/10 would recommend this newsletter:  
 
9 hard-to-kill plants that you should adopt to brighten up your desk: 
Want to be a good friend? Erase this sentence from your vocabulary:  
Just going to leave this right here for no reason at all: 
The search for our solar system's ninth planet: 
"The link between lack of sleep and cancer is now so strong that the World Health Organization has classified any form of nighttime shift work as a probable carcinogen."  
"When somebody's anxiety is high-functioning, that means that they work in society. In fact, we have such a heightened sense of worry that we are often very high-achieving and perfectionist." 
This list of classic reads assigned to students around the world will expand your horizons — and your bookshelves: 
Ready to grow? Whether you want to be a better leader or a better friend, get practical tips on self-growth sent to your inbox every week.  
Here's why your body prefers to poop at home: 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
Five exercises to help you increase the gratefulness in your life: 
"Some people report that after years of not looking at anything farther than 10 feet away, their eyesight has deteriorated so much that they can’t focus on faraway objects any more.”

Watch Laura Rovner's full TED Talk here:  
If you feel lonely around Thanksgiving, you aren't alone. In this preview for his new advice column, psychologist Guy Winch shares how you can still find community during the holiday season: 
How to save a language from extinction:   
@wikitongues 
This designer sent photographers to 50 different countries to document the everyday objects in homes from every income bracket — stoves, beds, toilets and all.  

Watch Anna Rosling Rönnlund's full TED Talk here:  
Camels have been lying to us this entire time. 
Ever see little things moving across your field of vision? This is what causes those little floaty things: 
Learn how to argue — and disagree politely — from a debate champion: 
"Algorithms don't make things fair. They repeat our past practices, our patterns. They automate the status quo." 
Divorce is hard — but our cultural beliefs and attitudes make it even harder: 
If you want to... 
-Make a good first impression 
-Have better conversations 
-Make lasting connections 
We'll help you become a better communicator with practical tips and talks to your inbox every week. 
 
Frances Frei made a career going into companies with toxic work environments and transforming them into healthy, inclusive spaces. In this episode of #TheTEDInterview she shares how work culture can transform a company. Listen on Apple Podcasts:  
Watch Luis Zayas' impassioned talk about the psychological impact of child separation at the US-Mexico border here:   
The top 14 characteristics of "creepy" people, according to psychological research: 
A creative solution for the water crisis in Flint, Michigan:  
It's possible to have civil debate over the turkey this Thanksgiving: 
You might want to bookmark this article for Thanksgiving. 
"The act of noticing is a crucial part of gratitude; you can’t be grateful if your attention is scattered."  
There are so many ways to practice gratitude. 
5 thoughtful questions to ask your family at Thanksgiving:  #TheGreatListen
"A truly successful life is the one which is spent in the pursuit of becoming the best possible version of yourself when you take that last breath."

Watch Bhakti Sharma's full TED Talk here:  
A citizen’s guide to demanding clean air: 
Why it’s so hard to make healthy decisions: 
Life is short. Take some selfies. Keep a journal. 
Four TED speakers offer tips on how to raise independent, resilient kids: 
Build up your romantic competence: 
"By the time Monday came, her kids' hunger pangs were so intense that they couldn't even begin to think about learning. Food was the only thing on their mind." 
What's happening in your brain when you make that critical (and often lasting) first judgment: 
This question will move your next holiday celebration or work meeting beyond the usual small talk: 
"We've been surprised to find, as young parents, that there are almost more taboos around parenting than there are around sex." 
"I have had work or ideas come through me from a source that I honestly cannot identify. What is that thing?"

Watch Elizabeth Gilbert's full TED Talk here:  
@jonnysun Congrats, Jonny!! ♥️
Storytelling dos and don'ts that will elevate your next presentation or speech: 
It's almost time for #TEDWomen! It's not too late to get your ticket — check out our incredible speaker lineup here: 
An extreme hiker tells the story of her 500-mile, three-month-long walk: 
Here's how The Wizard of Oz, The Incredibles, Moonlight and more of your favorite movies use color to deepen a narrative: 
"In libraries across the country that charge fines, the poorest neighborhoods have the most number of people blocked from use." 
Between unsaturated, saturated and trans fats, what should we really be eating? 
First it was Facebook, then Bitcoin. The next economic and social revolution? Video games. 

Watch Herman Narula's full TED Talk here:  
To learn how to work with your toughest critics, watch corporate sustainability expert Bob Langert's TED Talk here:   
The art and the philosophy behind book cover designs: 
How powerful photography can make a difference in protecting our oceans: 
Photographs of everyday objects from the richest to the poorest households: 
Don't wait to be a hero. 
What happens to privacy when we can read people’s minds? 

"It's not just the most elemental design ever — it's also such a crazy fashion statement." 
Here's why diets tend to do more harm than good:


"Anger is a human emotion, neither good nor bad. It is actually a signal emotion. It warns us of indignity, threat, insult and harm."   @schemaly
Here's how to shake off nasty comments — and know when to fight back: 
“The way we narrate our lives shapes what they become.”  @LoriGottlieb1
Do you forget someone's name seconds after they've introduced themself? There is hope:  
First tip: Never start with "let's talk." 
"Psychology should be just as concerned with human strength as it is with weakness. It should be just as concerned with building strength as with repairing damage." 
If you want to find your purpose or just figure out how to be an adult, we've got you covered. Get talks and tips to help you get where you want to go, sent to your inbox.  
Why gender-based marketing is bad for business:  
Here's how a teen's self-published novel got picked up by Random House — and Netflix: 
Talk back to that negative voice inside your head:  
Why we should treasure our small, but priceless, joys: 
Move past being happy all the time and find meaning instead:   
How's your cheese history? Sharp, or does it have some holes in it?  
"I made a choice today to reveal a part of myself that I have hidden for too long." 
How to keep going after you've found your purpose: 
Whether you're a new parent, changing careers, or just trying to figure out being an adult, we're here to help you through all of it. Get the perfect talks to get you where you want to go, sent to your inbox:  
What's really happening at the US-Mexico border — and how we can do better: 
All the questions you have about living in space, answered:  
How can we support the emotional well-being of teachers?  @sydneycjensen
India is one of the world’s biggest recyclers of plastic. Could they end plastic pollution? 
Studies show that sugar pills and phony injections work a lot better than you might expect:  
Stop lecturing and learn how to turn everyday interactions into teaching moments: 
Still haven't found what you're looking for? Try these talks: 
First of all, you probably don't. Second, this isn't about you. 
"Romantic love is an addiction: a perfectly wonderful addiction when it's going well, and a perfectly horrible addiction when it's going poorly."

Watch Helen Fisher's full TED Talk here:  
Five TED speakers explore the many sides of anger, including why we need it and who's allowed to feel it: 
What's really happening in your mind when you process the world around you? Cognitive scientist @donalddhoffman tries to unravel the mysteries of perception on this episode of #TheTEDInterview. Listen now on TuneIn or wherever you get your podcasts.  
What it's like to live on the International Space Station:  @Astro_Cady
Making space more accessible isn’t rocket science! Actually, it is. 
Cryptographers, quantum computers and the war for information: 
You’re not just getting a flu shot for yourself — you’re protecting your family, friends, coworkers and community, too. 
Face-to-face conversation is one of the most powerful forces to disarm hate: 
What's your excuse for skipping the gym tonight? 
"I didn't think I had the right to be depressed." 
A round-up of fascinating TED speakers who founded some of the most noteworthy companies: 
Small rockets are the next space revolution:  @Peter_J_Beck
"A country is strong when it says to the refugee, not, 'Go away,' but, 'It's OK, we've got you. You're safe.'" 
“Justice is not only about punishing the perpetrator. It’s about victims feeling that crimes against them have been recorded and recognized by the rule of law.” 
"Teens are interested in porn, they are watching it — and they’re turning to it for answers about sex." 
The next big economic and social revolution? Video games, according to this entrepreneur.

Watch Herman Narula's full TED Talk here:  
The fear around Alzheimer's partially stems from the feeling that there's nothing we can do about it. Here's why that's not completely true:  
How India's local recyclers could solve plastic pollution: 
Have you ever wondered, “Could I give a TED Talk?” Now’s your chance to find out. 
Want to learn something new? Get TED in your inbox for talks that will push you to expand your mind and see new perspectives.  
Watch Adam Driver's full TED Talk here: 
Hope and justice for women who've survived ISIS: 
This artist has illustrated children's books and The New Yorker covers. Her paintings explore the tenderness and boldness of girls: 
The ways animals get down and dirty are myriad and bizarre: 
Before Adam Driver became Kylo Ren in "Star Wars," he was a United States Marine. Now he's bringing theater to the military. #VeteransDay 
Break out of your creative block with these colorful TED Talks about art and the people who make it.  
Current AI-driven cars still rely on humans to step in occasionally. That's where they get into trouble: 
How art therapy is helping veterans with traumatic injuries heal: 
Talks that spotlight those who served their country — and the battles they still fight: 
Could we anticipate the next big disease outbreak? 
Estonia is the first country in the world to offer “e-residency." Here's how it works: 
These are the unexpected ways that racism hurts pregnant women. 
As we expect more from technology, do we expect less from each other? 
This is what a home made out of plants and meat could look like:  
Public speaking can be terrifying - but it doesn’t have to be. We’re excited to announce our brand new app-based course TED Masterclass, designed to help you reach your public speaking goals.
 
Even for non-believers, the zodiac system is a great way to understand Chinese culture: 
How we convince ourselves to believe — and overlook the facts (featuring some funny demonstrations):  
Have a self-deprecating sense of humor? You might be better at relationships: 
Think you’re good at reading people? Here are the mistakes you’re probably making. 

Watch Malcolm Gladwell's first TED Talk here:  
Productivity and long work hours do not go hand-in-hand:
Camels have been lying to us this entire time. 
Bollywood actor and TED Talks India host @iamsrk shares eight TED Talks that inspire him: 
Did your last vacation feel less than refreshing? It was probably missing one of these important factors: 
Why are some people better at taking risks than others? In this episode of @TEDRadioHour , 5 speakers explore the alluring, dangerous and calculated sides of risk. 
Guest host Manoush Zomorodi and TED speakers explore how to teach for more than test scores and good grades: 
How a crowdsourcing platform can help detect wildfires earlier: 
A historical musical that examines black identity in the 1901 World's Fair: 
How can we make a more sustainable future? Economist @KateRaworth says it starts with rethinking our economic systems. Listen to the latest episode of #TheTEDInterview on TuneIn or wherever you listen:  
Urban architecture inspired by mountains, clouds and volcanoes:  @madarchitects_
Three questions we should ask to reframe the immigration debate: 
If you want to: 
-Get ahead at work 
-Be more hopeful 
-Learn something new 
-Become a better human 
We’ll send you the perfect TED Talks to help you become the best version of yourself.  
 
"There is no virgin seal that magically disappears after sex, and half of virgins can easily have sex without bleeding." @under_livet 
"We’re born with an automatic predisposition to learn from those around us." 
"Values are a certain kind of fact. They are facts about the well-being of conscious creatures." 
"Too many of us write our scripts, build our decks, or compile our talking points before we think about our audience." 
Four TED speakers offer tips on how to raise independent, resilient kids: 
How to bring confidence and joy back to the bedroom: 
What obligation do social media platforms have to the greater good?  @elipariser
The next software revolution: programming biological cells 
Learn how to show up as yourself: 
For years, Sergeant Kevin Briggs patrolled San Francisco’s Golden Gate Bridge, a popular site for suicide attempts. Here's his advice on talking to a loved one who you fear might be suicidal. 
Can numbers and formulas be a gateway to empathy and understanding? 
Divorce is hard — but our cultural beliefs and attitudes make it even harder: 
How can we balance our needs with what the planet is able to sustain? Economist @KateRaworth says a sustainable future starts with rethinking our economic systems. Listen to the latest episode of #TheTEDInterview on @Spotify or wherever you listen:  
“The myths about the hymen have lived on because they have been used as a powerful tool in the effort to control women's sexuality in about every culture, religion and historical decade.”

Watch Nina Dølvik Brochmann and Ellen Støkken Dahl's TED Talk here:  
“The end of my antigay picketing career and life as I knew it [was] triggered in part by strangers on Twitter who showed me the power of engaging the other.”

Watch Megan Phelps-Roper’s full TED Talk on why she left the Westboro Baptist Church here:  
Ready to grow? From communication to leadership, sharpen your skills with practical tips sent to your inbox every week.   
Our immigration conversation is broken — here's how to have a better one: 
How will gene-editing affect humanity — and how can we keep it ethical? 
These TED speakers can help you find the work you love to do: 
Anger doesn't cloud your thinking. It clears it. 
Who doesn't love a free tote bag? Your tiny closet, for one: 
"When somebody's anxiety is high-functioning, that means that they work in society. In fact, we have such a heightened sense of worry that we are often very high-achieving and perfectionist." 
Civility isn’t censorship or political correctness. Here’s why it matters: 
Author @Elif_Safak explores how fiction connects us across cultures and politics. #NaNoWriMo 

Watch her TED Talk here:  
What happens to people in solitary confinement:  @llrovner 
Congratulations, Manoush! We can’t wait for your TED Radio Hour debut this spring!

Get to know our new host by watching her TED Talk on how boredom can inspire creativity:  
Julie Cordua and her organization @Thorn have a bold new plan to end child sexual abuse material online. Actor @aplusk shares why you should watch her TED Talk and learn more about this important mission:

Watch the full talk here:  
The Amazon belongs to humanity — let's protect it together:  @yawanawa
Big announcement: The incredible @manoushz is the new host of @TEDRadioHour!  
TEDMasterclass can help you master the art of public speaking - on your own time, at your own pace.  
An AI platform that could develop new treatments for disease:  
Here's how to find out if you're a "multipotentialite": 
Here's how we can help bring every US citizen to the polls: 
Here's how voting on Tuesdays affects voter turnout: 
Happy #NoShaveNovember! Meet a co-founder of Movember to hear how he wants to change the face of men’s health: 
What open water swimming taught me about resilience:  @bhaktisharma4 
“Companies spend their employees’ time and attention as if there were an infinite supply of both, and as if they cost nothing.” 
The business case for working with your toughest critics:  @BobLangert 
There's one tiny plastic that ocean experts want to ban even more than straws.  
How "Crazy Rich Asians" became a blockbuster success — against all odds: 
Daylight Saving Time gave you an extra hour of snooze this weekend. Hear how you can — and should — get even more sleep. 

Watch Matt Walker's full TED Talk here:  
Island and coastal nations want to protect their waters, but debt and other pressing needs come first. Here's how they can balance both: 
How to stop that critical voice inside your head: 
Before you reach for the can of Raid (or your shoe), read this: 
Naming your emotions accurately is the key to dealing with them. Here's how to do it. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
This wrist-device helped a blind athlete run the first 15 miles of the New York City Marathon without any sighted assistance. Here’s how it works: 
"Machine intelligence is the last invention that humanity will ever need to make. Machines will then be better at inventing than we are." 
Is advancing science and technology in sports fair — and where will we draw the line? 
Two paths that could help humans survive to the next century: 
This performer started a music festival to promote self-love through creativity: 
"I pulled my hand back, and I had long, black sea urchin spines all the way through my gloves, which meant all the way through my hand." 
Are humans simply becoming more athletic, or is there another reason why runners are so much faster than they were a century ago? 

Watch David Epstein's full TED Talk here:  
How did running help early humans survive — and what urges from our ancient ancestors spur us on today? 
Dragonflies can catch prey with near perfect accuracy, the best among all predators. Here's why: 
An alternative to traditional, IQ-oriented standardized testing: 
Where do you go when you really need to get something done? 
Send this to your friend who always corrects your grammar.  
"93 percent of males and 62 percent of females had viewed porn at least once before their first year of college." 
A lesson on brain science, using zombies: 
Happy National Novel Writing Month! Today, writers across the U.S. start the challenge of finishing a novel in 30 days. Take this inspiration, then go write your story. #NaNoWriMo

Watch Anne Lamott's full TED Talk here:  
Upgrade your lunch break with talks to feed your curiosity.  
Change your story, change your life:  @LoriGottlieb1
"The design of a button hasn't changed much since the Middle Ages. It's one of the most enduring designs in history." 
Three steps for working through your unresolved feelings: 
Your brain isn't at its best when you're stressed. Here's how to be prepared for it: 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
You're not as good at spotting bad people as you think: 
Spider venom can stop your heart within minutes, cause unimaginable pain — and potentially save your life: 
How much of what you think about psychology is actually wrong? 
These lethal predators equipped with serrated teeth and deadly venom... could actually help save lives: 
What vaccinating vampire bats can teach us about pandemics:  @DanielStreicker
Employee organizing is the good kind of workplace conflict: 
Running out of steam? We'll send you the perfect talk to keep you motivated until Friday.  
Poop, parasites, dead duck sex, bug-eating and more! 
Get a picture of your clever Halloween costume — and then put your phone down: 
You've probably taken aspirin or ibuprofen for everyday aches and pains, but do you know how these pain relievers actually work? 
From Universal Basic Income to being a good neighbor, Mayor @MichaelDTubbs shares his bold vision for his hometown of Stockton, CA in this episode of #TheTEDInterview. Listen on Apple Podcasts:  
Graveyards weren't always such doom and gloom: 
Our creep-detector is meant to keep us safe. Turns out, it does a pretty bad job: 
Want to improve your relationships? Get TED in your inbox for tips on how to connect with the people you care about.  
.@michaeldtubbs is one of the country's youngest mayors. In this episode of #TheTEDInterview, he breaks down how policies like Universal Basic Income can help free people from poverty. Listen on Castbox or wherever you get your podcasts:  
Lessons from fungi on markets and economics:  @KiersToby
@anandology Here's one you might like: 
@TheodoreTae We love people named TED! ;) You'll love this talk on the architecture in Chicago. 
@HrPartners How about this one? 
@tusharsvaidya @paulocoelho We think you'll love this moving talk on the habits of happiness: 
@martinimartie This talk on becoming a great leader seems like it would be interesting to you: 
@hamil_san This beautiful talk on creating sacred spaces is perfect for you: 
@Duckduckduc1 Here's one you might like: 
@PinkieAnggia You'll love this classic TED Talk: 
@amdramal @CJSkuse @Isabelwriter If murder is your jam: 
@PMoonlady This talk on the amazing brains of cephalopods is perfect for you. 
@87Abudi This TED speaker tells the story of a Hungarian Holocaust survivor who taught him about passionate living and lifelong learning:  
@rafshan We think you'll love this talk on creativity and embracing limitation. 
@YAHWEHGOLD We're going to guess you're a fan of puzzles: 
@RuBerninTwo You might like this moving talk: 
@alithebard @terryandrob @CCriadoPerez We think you'll love this talk by some amazing women: 
@FDKelly Here's a talk you might like: 
@ac_bishop Accio TED Talk! 
@nayan_dwivedi We think you'll enjoy this beautiful talk on gratitude. 
@pilot_passports Here's a moving talk from an EMT: 
@egk_elizabeth This is a story of two teens who travel the country to teach people about racial literacy. We think you might like it! 
@juhieruby We think you'll love this inspiring talk by Shonda Rhimes! 
@rockollector This talk on why you should talk to strangers might be up your alley! 

@travelingmkter You might like this talk about the magic of books: 
@LConn0910 I mean... 
@homiewshngtun You might like this talk on psychedelics! 
@NforNabilah Get ready to cry all over again with this talk: 
@ixsachi Here's another look at SpaceX from the president and COO! 
@kunalvsh Yuval Noah Harari actually gave a TED Talk as a hologram at TED2018. Check it out here: 
@Sumitpant0410 You might enjoy this talk! 
@timlriley You might like Bryan Stevenson's moving and insightful talk about racial injustice in America: 
@aushamaki We love that book! Here's a talk you might like that also has great advice for connecting with people: 

In honor of the end of #NationalBookMonth, tell us your favorite book and we’ll recommend a TED Talk we think you’ll like! #TEDReads

While you wait, get talks picked just for you sent to your inbox: 
People and businesses routinely use five techniques to get us to do what they want:  
This is a rare case where fighting fire with fire might actually work:  
How crafting can be a form of protest: 
How to avoid losing your kid to a screen: 
Here's how to read your fears — and know which ones are worth listening to: 
The price of a "clean" internet: 
The medical potential of AI and metabolites:  @Leila_Pirhaji 
Vultures don't deserve their bad rap: 
Happy National Cat Day! Here's why your cat is such a weirdo sometimes: 
Dignity should not just be about having a job: 
"Five hundred years ago, it was the ultimate ecclesiastical man cave." 
Here's how you can unlock the creativity in your daily work: 
You have a lot to learn from your competition: 
The story of how a little transparency and competition transformed a broken healthcare system: 
"Reframing love as something I get to create with someone I admire, rather than something that just happens to me without my control or consent, is empowering." 

Watch @LenMandy's full TED Talk here:  
"You might know it as 'cyberbullying.' The media calls it 'revenge porn.' I now call it 'digital domestic violence.'" @DariethChisolm 
I woke up... like this? 
"Everything you know about time management is wrong.” 
Warning: This @Cirque performance will make your heart drop. 

Watch the full TED Talk on the power of awe here:  
This list of classic reads assigned to students around the world will expand your horizons — and your bookshelves:  #TEDReads
How to bring affordable, sustainable electricity to Africa:  
Here’s why bonuses, commissions and other traditional workplace rewards don’t work for the 21st Century: 
The tabloids sensationalized my freak accident. Here's how I took my story back:  
Best-selling author Elif Shafak explores the political power of storytelling, and how we can embrace uncertainty in turbulent times.  

For more, listen to #TheTEDInterview on Apple Podcasts:  
"Higher profit margins do not increase societal wealth. What they actually do is exacerbate income inequality." 
How medicine's culture of denial and shame keeps doctors from ever learning from their mistakes:  
Did you know that married men earn about 26 percent more than single men at equivalent levels? 
It's awkward to tell you this on Twitter, but... 
7 ways to prep for going to a protest: 
For the hoarders out there: 
There's no place like home, so make it the best it can be: 
Learn how to label your feelings correctly: 
Did you know that some flowers masquerade as horny insects? 
"Just as we have marriage ceremonies to mark the beginning of a union, we also need rituals to mark the end." 
"We're beginning the age in which machines attached to our bodies will make us stronger and more efficient." 
Why are pencils hexagons, and where did they get their iconic yellow paint? 
Even a toothbrush can reveal a world of inequalities. 
The best way to satisfy your wanderlust is in your own backyard: 
The best of TED, picked just for you. Sign up now for the newsletter you'll actually want to open.  
Rise and shine... to these great TED Talks this Saturday morning!

How to introduce more color — and joy — into your life: 
Congressman Elijah Cummings spoke about the importance of unity during his March 2019 interview at TEDxMidAtlantic. Today we reflect on his message: 
Watch "Crazy Rich Asians" director @jonmchu's full TED Talk on the pride and power of representation:  
Swinging into the weekend like... 

Watch @rbeaulotto's TED Talk on awe and Cirque du Soleil here:  
How we experience awe — and why it matters:  @rbeaulotto @Cirque 
Ever wonder what your dog is thinking when he stares at you? 
"Rather than intellectualizing the terror of lynchings as has been done over the decades, the memorial physicalizes it." 
In 2018, 45 million images and videos of child sexual abuse were uploaded in the U.S. @Thorn has a ground-breaking new approach to taking down abusive content and the abusers who share it.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
"When we face hard choices, we shouldn't beat our head against a wall trying to figure out which alternative is better. There is no best alternative." 
Bugs have sex in some creative ways... 
"Why is there such a gap between the colors that enliven us, and the colors that surround us?"  
Life is short. Take some selfies. Keep a journal. 
Want to make great slides for your presentation?

1. Keep your slides simple and succinct.
2. Choose your colors and fonts with care.
3. Avoid visual clichés.
4. Don’t get bogged down by charts and graphs.
5. Don’t be afraid of blank slides.
6. Practice!

Turn someone's whole day around with these tips for thoughtful compliments: 
Do you ever order clothes online in different sizes and colors just to try them on and then send back what doesn't work? Yeah, maybe stop doing that. 
The pride and power of representation in film:  @jonmchu 
The link between fishing cats and mangrove forest conservation:  @AshwiNaidu 
Need a boost of motivation to get you thought the week? Explore ideas from the most joyfully curious minds in the world.  
Hear how Minda Dentler, who contracted polio as a baby, raced a total distance of 140.6 miles in just 14 hours—using only her arms. #WolrdPolioDay 
Tips on how to hack your relationship with your phone, from a productivity expert: 
Can you really trust how you see the world? On #TheTEDInterview, Anil Seth dives into consciousness, and the difference between perception and reality. Listen on @Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts:  
We must engage in democracy every day, not every few years: 
Chemist @DavidRLiu recently unveiled his lab’s groundbreaking method for DNA-editing that could fix genetic diseases. Watch his TED Talk from April: 
We can't be afraid to talk about race, especially in the workplace.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Happy #NationalMoleDay! To be clear, we aren't talking about skin growths or undercover spies. 
Which would you rather have: two weeks’ additional salary or two weeks off? 
"Once your appliances can talk to you, who else are they going to be talking to?" 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Best-selling author @Elif_Safak shares how storytelling can be profoundly political, and how in turbulent times we can embrace uncertainty. Listen to #TheTEDInterview now on TuneIn or wherever you get your podcasts.  #NationalBookMonth 
The danger of AI is weirder than you think:  @JanelleCShane 
How motivation can fix public systems:  
Why does running on a treadmill feel like such a punishment? Maybe because it was created as one: 
Hypnotism may be a powerful tool for healing: 
Leaders, diversity is only half of the battle: 
What will your curiosity unlock? Find out by joining a global community of doers and thinkers. 
 
"If we learn to think of our internal voice as that of an advisor rather than a dictator, it can become enormously helpful to us." 
How much can you really trust how you see yourself? On #TheTEDInterview, Anil Seth dives into consciousness, and the difference between perception and reality. Listen on @Stitcher or wherever you listen:  
Fashion that celebrates all body types — boldly and unapologetically: 
 @BeccaMcCharen 
Teens aren't getting enough sleep. And it's not because of social media and smart phones: 
Here's why you should adopt a work hard/play hard mindset: 
Does your life feel like chaos? Here's how to find some stillness every day:  
Are you a misfit? Grieving a loved one? Don't know how to make new friends? These tips are for you: 
When a disaster happens, this is how you can effectively help: 
These posters will get you excited to go vote:  
It is, after all, #BackToTheFutureDay: 
You’re not always going to be inspired, and that’s okay. Take it from @taylorswift13, who shouted out @GilbertLiz’s TED Talk in her NPR Tiny Desk Concert. Watch the talk here: 
@NPR @taylorswift13 We love to cry at TED Talks, too, Taylor! Watch the Elizabeth Gilbert talk that got a @taylorswift13 shout out here: 
How an algorithm can make sure every vote counts: 

What if we replaced politicians with AI representatives trained to vote based on your values?
For when you want to do more than vote but less than actually run for office: 
How I took control after the tabloids trampled on my privacy: 
This helpful way of thinking about creativity doesn't require you to be a tortured, brooding artist. 

Watch @GilbertLiz’s full TED Talk here:  
Can dogs sniff out malaria?  @ProfJamesLogan 
A love story for the coral reef crisis:  @ayanaeliza 
If you want to: 
-Get ahead at work 
-Be more hopeful 
-Learn something new 
-Become a better human
We’ll send you the perfect TED Talks to help you become the best version of yourself.   
"In Silicon Valley, the big tech companies fish from essentially the same small pond or bay. A distributed company can fish from the entire ocean." @photomatt 
"Our relationship has always been about setting each other free." @KimKatrinMilan 
This dinosaur hunter has a beautiful message about our place in the universe:  @kenlacovara
How political cartoons speak truth to power:  @PatChappatte
"This isn't about politics. This is the algorithm figuring out human behavior. I once watched a video about vegetarianism on YouTube and YouTube recommended a video about being vegan. It's like you're never hardcore enough for YouTube." @zeynep 
After serving time, this dad decided to help other incarcerated parents stay connected to their children by helping them record beautiful bedtime stories: 
Happy #NationalBookMonth! Use these TED Speaker quotes for inspiration—and maybe a book mark: 
The movie "I, Robot" may be more accurate than we think... 
From where to eat to who to marry, our lives are full of computational problems: 
How we can store digital data in DNA:  @dinazielinski 
Viewing a stressful situation as an opportunity to improve your skills, knowledge or strengths makes it more likely that you'll experience stress inoculation. 
An extraordinary story of attempted murder, forgiveness and redemption:  @AnandWrites
How we can turn racism into a solvable problem -- and improve policing:  @DrPhilGoff 
"Who we see thriving in the world teaches us how to see ourselves, how to think about our own value, how to dream about our futures." @AmericaFerrera 
A ground-breaking new approach to taking down abusive content and the abusers who share it: 
Why I turned Chicago's abandoned homes into art:  
A groundbreaking expedition to the bottom of all five of the world’s oceans:  @FiveDeeps
Here's how you can squash your inner self-saboteur: 
"We tend to take every comment or opinion that's expressed as a personal affront to our own values and beliefs. But what if changed the way we think about these conversations?" 
How nanoparticles could change the way we treat cancer:  @WolframJoy
"The positive part about Twitter and social media in general is that it is a place where you can find connection and a place where you can find community, and you can find those things that are sometimes inaccessible in person." @JonnySun 
Before Adam Driver became Kylo Ren in Star Wars, he was a United States Marine. 

Watch his full TED Talk about bringing theater to the military:  
"What truly makes us free is being bound to others in mutual aid and obligation, having to work things out the best we can in our neighborhoods and towns, as if our fates were entwined — because they are." @ericpliu 
What would happen if you…

Got out of your bubble?
Opened your mind to new possibilities?
Saw yourself differently? 

Find out how an unexpected idea could change you.   
Hear from reporters who were willing to go anywhere to uncover important stories: 
3 moments humanity teetered on the edge -- and how we survived:  @indyfromspace
Here is the actual mathematical formula for how many people to reject before you find "the one." 
How to teach kids to talk about taboo topics:  
Why didn't they teach us how to fill out tax forms in school?!  
How a handful of fishing villages sparked a marine conservation revolution:  @aarhh 
This woman grew up in the Westboro Baptist Church. Here's how Twitter helped her leave: 
Get ready to be amazed and inspired by the feats achieved by these adrenaline junkies: 
This trick will help you quickly overcome a steep learning curve: 
"Whenever anyone would ask my mom what my father was like, she would say, 'How he was in front of the camera, how you saw him in his films, how you saw him in his interviews was, in fact, exactly how he was.'" 
How family separation at the US-Mexico border affects children's mental health:  @lhzayas 
A circular economy for salt that keeps rivers clean: 
“If you look to lead, invest at least 40 percent of your time managing yourself.” 
Like all personal relationships, mentorship needs to be a two-way street. 
How humans have the power to reshape the galaxy:  
Learn the technique that allows anyone to memorize anything: 
"It’s easy to restrict ourselves — without even realizing it — to people like us and to views we agree with." 
Here's what happens when two monkeys are offered unequal pay for the same task. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
How to build an Alzheimer's-resistant brain: 
How we can eliminate child sexual abuse material from the internet:  @juliecordua 
An app that helps incarcerated people stay connected to their families:  @_marcus_bullock
How you can use your strengths, values and experiences to lead you to your passion: 
Before you head into your next yearly review at work, watch these talks: 
Are you a caregiver? You might have "compassion fatigue." 
Learn more about these masters of camouflage: 
"It’s easy to restrict ourselves — without even realizing it — to people like us and to views we agree with." 
This study has tracked the lives of 724 men (including JFK!) for 78 years. 
Tribal attorney Tara Houska shares how we can support Native people in the U.S. #IndigenousPeoplesDay

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
"I had a college adviser tell me 'Anatomy's a dead science.'  He couldn't have been more wrong." 
The answers to some of life's biggest questions: 
Take a picture of yourself using your new bookmark and share it with the hashtag #TEDReads to spread the joy of reading far and wide!
Visit one of these locations to grab your own illustrated bookmark featuring a quote about reading or writing from a TED speaker: @greenlightbklyn @bookculture @WordUpBooks @thelitbar @booksaremagicbk #TEDReads
Are you a TED fan in the New York area who loves to read? In honor of #NationalBookMonth, we're sharing free bookmarks at local bookstores all over the city!  #TEDReads 
Find more quotes on the joy of reading and writing here:   #TEDReads
Watch @GilbertLiz's full TED Talk here:  
Watch @JackieWoodson's full TED Talk here:  
Watch Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie's full TED Talk here:  
The hoodie is a lot more than just a comfy sweatshirt. 
The cosmic war between monotony and creativity:  @DavidDeutschOxf 
"It seems in order to invest in our future, we actually have to invest in the present and help people who want to become parents. Give them affordable health care, give them affordable childcare, give them paid parental leave." @WajahatAli 
"Will you be #ManEnough to stand up to other men when you hear 'locker room talk,' when you hear stories of sexual harassment?" @justinbaldoni #MeToo 
"By not affording employees the time they need to heal from emotional pain, companies are left carrying the burden of less productive workers." 
"The link between lack of sleep and cancer is now so strong that the World Health Organization has classified any form of nighttime shift work as a probable carcinogen." 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
"Change will come when each of us has the courage to question our own fundamental values and beliefs." @AmericaFerrera 
How we can improve maternal healthcare — before, during and after pregnancy:  @LizHowellMD 
"We have marginalized identities but we don't live marginalized lives." @themrmilan 
Local reporters get the scoop before national media outlets. So why aren’t we listening to them? 
"We really are living in an age of miracle and wonder. We're lucky to be alive today. We're lucky to see this stuff." @EvolvingJuan 
It is extremely hard to report sexual assault on college campuses. This app can help.  
The art of asking for what you want -- even when it's scary:  @amandapalmer
These horrifying stories from new mothers will change how you think about family leave: 
The next big societal shift won't come from AI or biotech. It will come from video games. 
What you can do every day to create a sense of belonging for immigrants: 
For good sexual education, parents have to make "the talk" an ongoing conversation: 
The secret to making a zero-calorie milkshake without sacrificing taste? Neuroscience: 
Three reasons you should thank your local sanitation worker: 
Two million people are blind or visually impaired because of trachoma. As many as 200 million may be at risk. But we can stop it: 
Take some time for yourself. Let us help you recharge and find a better you.  
Stay with us, but one involves breaking the law.  
"We're hurrying through our lives, instead of actually living them. We're living the fast life, instead of the good life." 
Parents, stop trying to raise happy kids:

Revelations from a lifetime of dance: 
Want great ideas that will change how you see yourself? Find a whole new world of ideas that will inspire and challenge you here: 
How to live passionately no matter your age:  @isabelallende #HispanicHeritageMonth 
To understand autism, don’t look away:  @carinamorillo #HispanicHeritageMonth 
Poetry, music and identity:  @drexlerjorge #HispanicHeritageMonth 
The story of Marvel’s first queer Latina superhero:  @QuirkyRican #HispanicHeritageMonth 
My identity is a superpower — not an obstacle:  @AmericaFerrera #HispanicHeritageMonth 
To honor #HispanicHeritageMonth, we’re highlighting our favorite moments from Latinx speakers:
Get the skills you need to be a better leader, communicator and coworker. We'll find you the perfect talks to put your motivation to work.  
If you can't remember the last time you learned something new, these TED Talks will leave you feeling a little brighter. 
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
You don't have to be alone to feel lonely. 
This author quit his uber-healthy lifestyle, but kept these two surprising habits: 
What Bruce Lee can teach us about living fully: 
A personal plea for humanity at the US-Mexico border:  @EvolvingJuan
Are you a misfit? Grieving a loved one? Don't know how to make new friends? Listen to these tips: 
“Maybe if I had known my ancestors sooner, it wouldn’t have taken me so long to find a source of pride in my identity and in my community.” — Trans activist Samy Nour Younes
Watch his full TED Talk on the history of trans rights here:  
"These men were committed to learning how they could create a better life after they served their time." 
Do you feel stressed or unfulfilled? This shift in perspective can bring harmony and calm to your life. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
How we're using DNA tech to help farmers fight crop diseases:  @laura_boykin 
If you frequently forget people's names even though they told you minutes ago, this is for you: 
Don't let anyone make fun of you for that English degree: 
What is happiness, and how can we all get some? 
"Animals can care very deeply for each other, maybe they even love each other. And when they do, a survivor's heart can be pierced by a death." 
"Without feedback, your brain loses track of its own results." 
Some simple (and honestly scary) ways we could potentially prolong the human life. 
Psychologist @DanTGilbert delves into the counterintuitive science of happiness and why our minds often make us worry about the wrong things. Listen to the new season of #TheTEDInterview on Stitcher or wherever you get your podcasts.  
“How does life change when you choose to be unapologetically yourself?” Artist @DanielLismore lives as a walking masterpiece, inspiring others to find the confidence to be who they truly are. 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
What could you do if you stepped out of your comfort zone? Find a whole new world of ideas that will inspire and challenge you.  
Send this to a co-worker who deserves a vacation. 
The more our mind wanders, the less happy we can be. 
Here are some tips for finding serenity in the everyday: 
Leave today's annoyances — that critical comment made by your coworker, or the disappointing numbers in the weekly report — at the office. Here's how: 
"As abortion is hotly debated, it's still rare for us, whether as fellow women or even just as fellow people, to talk with one another about the abortions that we have." 
Every skin color is celebrated in this series of stunning portraits—complete with matching Pantone backgrounds: 
How we're helping local reporters turn important stories into national news:  @gangadharpb
A brief history of trans rights: 
"Turns out, if you spend most of your life working in the conservative religious world, coming out as transgender is not all that great for your career." 
“Imagine how the conversation would shift if we acknowledge just how long trans people have been demanding equality.” Watch Samy Nour Younes’s full TED Talk here:  
The transformative power of video games:  @HermanNarula
Today, #SCOTUS will hear three separate cases about LGBTQ discrimination in the workplace. Pastor Paula Stone Williams lost her jobs after coming out as transgender. Here is her story: 
"There's something important about sharing your imperfections and your insecurities and your vulnerabilities with other people." @JonnySun 
Here’s how you can discover history’s hidden artifacts -- without leaving home: 
How a global weather service for water could help fight issues like pollution and climate change: 
A mother and son’s photographic journey through dementia:  
"We women have to start practicing bravery, too. We cannot teach our girls until we teach ourselves." — Watch the full TED Talk here:  
"Let us not forget to think before we speak, just because we might have a screen in front of us." @ionewells 
“Writing is visceral. If you write something down and don’t feel some kind of way, then it’s not working. It’s not doing what you wanted to do.” @JackieWoodson 
"CEOs have their employees suffer for them. But yet, the CEOs's pay goes up and up and up. And so many people are left behind. I'm here to tell you: no more. It's not right, it's never been right." @hamdiulukaya 
An ancient rock suggests a new theory for how life started:  @tara_djokic
Artist @JRart uses the city as his canvas, creating giant posters of human faces on bridges, walls, buildings, and more.
"93 percent of first year college males and 62 percent of females have seen pornography at least once." @EmRothman 
Ever wonder who was behind Beyoncé's amazing Formation World Tour stage? Hear from the designer herself: 
"Writing taught me everything I needed to know about creating worlds where people could be seen and heard, where their experiences could be legitimized, and where my story, read or heard by another person, inspired something in them." @JackieWoodson 
"To be online at any given point is to feel so much sadness and anger and violence. It can feel like the end of the world." @JonnySun 
"Being queer and trans is about loving people as they are, not as they're supposed to be." @themrmilan 
"As a child, I knew that stories were meant to be savored, that stories wanted to be slow, and that some author had spent months, maybe years, writing them." @JackieWoodson 
"When we’re frustrated, we reject the status quo, question the way things have always been done, and search for new and improved methods." @AdamMGrant #WorkLife 
"Hard choices are precious opportunities for us to become the distinctive people that we are." 
The story of Marvel's first queer Latina superhero:  @QuirkyRican 
"We read to get lost, to forget the hard times we're living in, and we read to remember those who came before us, who lived through something harder." @JackieWoodson 
A powerful story of what it means to be a true American:  @AnandWrites
"I am just one of millions of people who have been told that in order to fulfill my dreams, in order to contribute my talents to the world I have to resist the truth of who I am." @AmericaFerrera 
*Records voicemail greeting for the 20th time* 
A former New York Times cartoonist warns about the dangers of self-censorship: 
Journalist @AndrewMarantz shares what social media companies—and you—can do to make the internet less toxic. 
Kick start your creativity with ideas from your favorite makers and thinkers.  
Here's why you should decorate your workspace: 
3 out of 10 times, your doctor prescribes or suggests something that is completely unnecessary: 
Do you want to: 
 -Be a better public speaker 
- Know how to negotiate your salary
- Improve your communication skills
We'll find you the best TED Talks to help you sharpen your skills!  
A brain scan revealed what's happening to you subconsciously when you eat: 
Journalist @AndrewMarantz argues for curtailing toxic online speech that too often leads to real-world violence in @nytopinion. In April he spoke about the same at TED: 
"As we looked at most prosperous countries today, we found they were able to reduce corruption as they became prosperous -- not before." 
"Depression doesn’t diminish a person’s desire to connect with other people, just their ability." 
Innovation is the antidote to corruption:  @EfosaOjomo
“Walking in the forest is like moving through a picturesque vat of VapoRub.” Learn all about South Korea's "healing forests:"  
“Isolation creeps in when your new boyfriend or girlfriend starts pulling you away from your friends and family, your support system, and tethering you more tightly to them.” @Join1Love 
"My identity is not my obstacle. My identity is my superpower." @AmericaFerrera 
99 percent of rapists get away with it. That doesn't have to be the case. 
Why language is humanity's greatest invention:  @Dedalvs
"We need to treat other people the way they want to be treated, which means we have to ask." @KimKatrinMilan 
"The hard choices — what we most fear doing, asking, saying — these are very often exactly what we most need to do." — @tferriss
Watch the full TED Talk here:  
My identity is a superpower — not an obstacle:  @AmericaFerrera 
What happens in your brain when you taste food:  
Imagine if capitalism prioritized social good. Andrew Yang, now a Democratic Presidential candidate, explained his vision in 2018. 
"Our outcomes are not meant to be playful, but our process is. To us, play is an act of resistance." 

“A trucker drove three days with a raging infection, only coming to see me after he had delivered his merchandise.” 
Rising carbon levels in the atmosphere can make plants grow faster, but they rob plants of the nutrients we need to survive. 
From Republican or Democrat to Red Sox or Yankees, humans have evolved to group ourselves: 
“British researchers found that one smile can generate the same level of brain stimulation as up to 2,000 bars of chocolate.” 
Here are some tips for finding serenity in the everyday:  @RyanHoliday
Creativity builds nations:  
Stories can change dramatically depending on who is telling them: 
Deciding not to have children isn't "selfish." 
There are five ways humans find community: Practice, proximity, purpose, providence and passion. 
How community-led conservation can save wildlife:  @MoreangelsM 
This giant squid is as tall as a two-story house. The footage of it attacking the camera is incredible: 
"Systems are just collective stories we all buy into. When we change them, we write a better reality for us all to be a part of."  
Expand your mind with the best ideas from the world's brightest minds.   
"As a child, I knew that stories were meant to be savored, that stories wanted to be slow, and that some author had spent months, maybe years, writing them." Happy #NationalBookMonth! 
From tiny robots to dog poems: 
"It doesn't really matter where any of these pieces end up, because the real point for me is that they end up in your memory over time." 
Capturing your vacation with your smart phone may be good for the 'gram, but not your memory. 
The secret? Always let people know why their work matters. 
"Shame is highly, highly correlated with addiction, depression, violence, aggression, bullying, suicide, eating disorders." —@BreneBrown

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
"I am excited for a world where our entertainment could connect us instead of isolating us -- a world where we can bond with each other over our shared interests and create real, strong communities." 
“Write something good, and feel good about writing it.” @JackieWoodson 
Cannabis research has been banned for much of the last 100 years. Scientists are just now scratching the surface of its positive—and negative—side effects. 
Art that explores time and memory:  @SarahSze
It's not true that young people are more creative — but there is one factor that changes as you get older: 
It's time to start playing the long game. 
"Domestic violence happens to everyone -- all races, all religions, all income and education levels." 
"I need each of you to tell every young woman you know to be comfortable with imperfection."  @reshmasaujani
"Abuse thrives only in silence. You have the power to end domestic violence simply by shining a spotlight on it." 
"There are an infinite number of histories that we could've had. We only get one, and wow, did we ever get a good one." 
18 TED Talks to help you deal with the internet when it's driving you nuts: 
This is how stolen nude photos turn lives upside down:  
Fun fact: Despite contrary belief, Richard Nixon was never impeached. 
"Dinosaurs pushed the envelope of physiological possibility, broke record after record and were paragons of success by almost any measure." @kenlacovara 
"I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys, because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me." 
Couples who sustain strong sexual connections over multiple decades have two things in common:  @emilynagoski
We're building a dystopia just to make people click on ads:  @zeynep 
Why you should search for meaning — not happiness:  @EmEsfahaniSmith 
"The secret to high performance isn't rewards and punishments, but that unseen intrinsic drive: the drive to do things for their own sake. The drive to do things cause they matter." #MondayMotivation 
"Your life isn't just a list of events. You can edit, interpret and retell your story." @EmEsfahaniSmith 
FYI: Impeachment does not equal removal from office: 
"Sooner or later, I think we all wonder: Is this all there is?" @EmEsfahaniSmith 
The epic carbon-capturing potential of seaweed: 
“If you’re depressed or anxious, you’re not weak and you’re not crazy —you’re a human being with unmet needs.” 
 @johannhari101
We’ll just leave this right here: 
How one tree grows 40 different kinds of fruit:  
Climate activist @GretaThunberg shares why we must act now to fight climate change. 

Watch Greta's full TED Talk here:  
Kids make up a quarter of the population, so shouldn't they have a say in what their world will look like?  @mara_mintzer
Why we need a global weather service for water: 
Anyone, regardless of age, can become a climate activist. #ClimateStrike

Watch @Luisamneubauer’s full TED Talk here:  
"Hard choices are hard not because of us or our ignorance; they're hard because there is no best option." 
12 TED Talks about the weather you'll actually want to talk about: 
Find out what drives your creative process — and how to achieve your full potential.

"We have to live simply, so that others can simply live." 
Get a realtime look at how beatboxers make such wild sounds:  
Ever wonder what your smile says about you? 

Watch Ron Gutman's full TED Talk here:  
What we could learn from a family tree of all humankind: 
While you're sleeping, your brain is hard at work cleaning itself: 

How to help kids fall in love with the outdoors: 
Great advice for all the 20-somethings in your life: 
Great advice for all the 20-somethings in your life: 
Break out the cat pictures and succulents in the name of productivity! 
Congratulations to @flordetoloache on their Latin Grammy nomination! Check out their performance from the TED stage here: 
“If they’re hired, we’ll spend more waking hours with each other than with our families, so I’m checking, Can they carry on a regular conversation?” 
How we’re building the world’s largest family tree:  @erlichya 
Take some time for yourself. Let us help you find the inspiration you're looking for.  
Some social scientists say replacing voting with a jury system could be the best way to improve democracy. Here's why: 
“If they’re hired, we’ll spend more waking hours with each other than with our families, so I’m checking, Can they carry on a regular conversation?” 
Have trouble thinking positively? This will help.  
Get out of your bubble with ideas from the most joyfully curious minds in the world.  
Here's how impeachment works (via @TED_Ed): 
This is what distinguishes extraordinary altruists from the average person.

Watch Abigail Marsh’s full TED Talk here:  
"Being resilient means you face stressors, not eliminate them. To be resilient means you learn from your mistakes, not avoid making them." 
The next time you want to endlessly scroll social media, let yourself be bored instead. It'll greatly improve your creativity.  
Ask your meeting attendees: "What’s going well in our meetings? What could be done better? Do you have any specific ideas to improve them?" 
How couples can sustain a strong sexual connection for a lifetime:  @emilynagoski 
Apologizing is hard. Try these simple steps to make it easier: 
Learn how to improve your visual intelligence: 
This is what truly leads someone to change their worldview. 
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
Here’s how Game of Thrones star @Maisie_Williams went from an aspiring dancer to on-screen assassin: 
Can seaweed help curb global warming?  
Executive function is our ability to consciously control our thoughts, emotions and actions in order to achieve goals — like learning how to drive. 
A bold plan to empower 1.6 million out-of-school girls in India:  @safeenahusain
Ready to flourish? We've got ideas to motivate and inspire you when you need it most. 
 
"To bloom, we must learn not to fear self-doubt but to embrace it as a naturally occurring opportunity for growth and improvement." 
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
"A grieving person is going to laugh again and smile again. If they're lucky, they'll even find love again. Yes, absolutely, they're going to move forward. But that doesn't mean that they've moved on." @noraborealis 
3 mathematically verified tips to improve your love life: 
The best way to get a baby to laugh? Research confirms.... it's peekaboo. 
"One of the simplest facts in business is something we often neglect: We're all human." 

Here are the tricks politicians and other public figures use to convince people of their ideas: 
Why @justinbaldoni is done trying to be "man enough":  #ManEnough 
No one makes us love dinosaurs like @kenlacovara. 
"America was fracturing into two distinct societies: a republic of dreams and a republic of fears." 
"One should never, ever remain silent for fear of complexity." @Elif_Safak 
What it's really like to live with ADHD:  @HowtoADHD
Self-reflection is not the same as self-knowledge. Here's how to truly get to know yourself: 
When we’re forced to say goodbye to someone in the physical form, we’re also being offered an opportunity to say hello to them in our imaginations. 
"Believe her. Believe her." @AshleyJudd 
This is what happens when you click on an ad online: 
Why I interview people who leave me mean comments:  @dylanmarron 
Do you know how much the person next to you gets paid? 
Let's put an end to millennial bashing: 
PSA: Cuddle after sex! 
Here's how to stop ruminating and move forward: 
Email taking over your life? Try this: 
Today, millions of people are participating in the Global #ClimateStrike to demand an end to the age of fossil fuels. The youth-led movement is spearheaded by 16-year-old activist @GretaThunberg. 

Watch Greta’s full TED Talk here:  
When we define racism as behaviors instead of feelings, we can measure it — and transform it from an impossible problem into a solvable one, says justice scientist @DrPhilGoff. 
The Global #ClimateStrike is happening all around the world today. Here’s what to know if you’re participating: 
Struggling to remain optimistic? Here are eight tactics to help: 
Are protesting and marching too stimulating for you? You're not alone — and you can still contribute to your favorite causes: 
Young people all over the world are protesting today for the Global #ClimateStrike. 23-year-old @Luisamneubauer encourages anyone, regardless of age, to become a climate activist and join the movement. 

Watch Luisa’s full TED Talk here:  
"Why study the past? Because that’s where the answers are." @kenlacovara 
The simple questions that will help you avoid unnecessary medical care: 
Here’s how movements create monumental change: 
Connect with people who know what you're going through.    
4 questions you should always ask your doctor:  @cmjaset 
What can the ancient past teach us about parenting today? An archaeologist explains: 
You were wrong — but you felt so right. Here’s why:  @juliagalef
"The climate crisis has already been solved. We already have all the facts and solutions. All we have to do is to wake up and change." @GretaThunberg 
"Queerness encompasses all of the layers of who I am and how I've loved." @KimKatrinMilan 
Here’s how you can be less distracted and more focused: 
4 steps to becoming a climate activist:  @Luisamneubauer
Why I became a climate activist -- and why you should too:  @Luisamneubauer
"Everyone keeps saying climate change is an existential threat, and yet they just carry on like before. I don't understand that, because if the emissions have to stop, then we must stop the emissions. To me that is black or white."  @GretaThunberg
This could be why you're depressed and anxious:  @johannhari101 
The honest reasons why people write mean comments online:  @dylanmarron 
Our emotions can cause our hearts to change shape in response to grief or fear, and even to literally break.

Watch @sjauhar's full TED Talk here:  
@Talbotus We're so sorry you're going through a difficult time right now. We’ve added the full TED Talks as a tweet reply to the original video. We hope they help ❤️
4. How to tame your wandering mind: 
3. The gift and power of emotional courage: 
2. How to make stress your friend: 
Here are the full TED Talks featured in this video: 
1. How to stay calm when you know you’ll be stressed: 
“You don’t need to have a great vocabulary. What you need to have is a creative way of using the words you have." @JackieWoodson 
This is the psychology of PTSD: 
"Far too often, responsibility is attributed to female survivors of sexual violence, and not to the males who enact it. Far too often, the denial and running leaves all parties at a great distance from the truth." 
Is women's sexuality actually more complicated than men's? No. 
If you want to:

- Be a better leader
- Improve your communication skills 
-Solve big problems  

We’ll send you the perfect TED Talks to help you make a difference.   
A free world needs political cartoons:  @PatChappatte 
Here’s how to fight stress — and win: 
How @tavitulle built a space for strong female, teenage role models to find each other: 
"When someone shares that they feel alone, it actually makes me feel less alone, not by getting rid of any of my loneliness but by showing me that I am not alone in feeling lonely." @JonnySun 
“The truth is, unhealthy relationships and abuse are all around us. Abuse sneaks up on us disguised in unhealthy love.” @Join1Love 
This is the ultimate story of forgiveness: 
Intelligent machines have learned to control you — and we don’t know how they did it:  @zeynep
Hear stories from people who've been where you are.  
Why teens love vapes — and why they’re dangerous for them: 
Get out of your own way: 
What streaming means for the future of entertainment:  @eshear 
"Everyone keeps saying climate change is an existential threat, and yet they just carry on like before. I don't understand that, because if the emissions have to stop, then we must stop the emissions. To me that is black or white." @GretaThunberg 
“Healthy love includes independence, two people who love spending time together but who stay connected to the people and activities they cared about before.” @Join1Love 
Let us debunk some age-old myths about women’s sexuality! 
"Stories can punch holes in our mental walls. And through those holes, we can get a glimpse of the other." 
"If I could have dinner with anyone, dead or alive, I would. I am very lonely." @JonnySun 
Want to be a good person? Let go of the concept of "good."  
“While love is an instinct and an emotion, the ability to love better is a skill we can all build and improve on over time.” @Join1Love 
If you want to be a good person, start by allowing yourself to make mistakes. 
Leave the bad vibes at the office: 
"Female sexuality can't be fixed with a pill. That's because it's not broken: it's misunderstood." 
"Empathy is not endorsement. Empathizing with someone you profoundly disagree with does not compromise your own deeply held beliefs and endorse theirs. It just means acknowledging the humanity of someone who was raised to think differently." @dylanmarron 
Outsmart your own brain: 
"Nobody deserves this. Nobody deserves this level of humiliation."  
“Your partner should have your back. Their words should build you up, not break you down. They should make you feel more confident, not less.” @Join1Love 
“Abusive relationships don't start out abusive. They start out exciting and exhilarating. There's an intensity of affection and emotion, a rush. It feels really good.” @Join1Love 
“It's important in the early days of a new relationship to pay attention to how you're feeling. Are you comfortable with the pace of intimacy? Do you feel like you have space and room to breathe?” @Join1Love 
Wanting to be a "good person" is making us bad people. Here's how:  
How close are you to deleting Facebook? 
“Abusive relationships don't start out abusive. They start out exciting and exhilarating. There's an intensity of affection and emotion, a rush. It feels really good.” @Join1Love 
"I realized that the man who I loved so much was going to kill me." 
Before the 20th century, doctors would test if someone was truly dead by chopping their finger off or burning their feet. The other examples made us too nauseous to tweet, but you can read for yourself: 
Worried about being buried alive? This mortician will calm your fears ... maybe: 
Some #FridayThe13th weirdness for you: 
In honor of #FridayThe13th: 
Whether you’re interested in fashion, the environment, creativity, or more, you can find a whole new world of ideas, curated just for you: 
Bono shares data that shows the end of poverty is in sight... if we can harness the momentum. Watch his full TED Talk here:  
This is what it’s like to hear color. Watch @NeilHarbisson’s full TED Talk here:  
This helpful way of thinking about creativity doesn't require you to be a tortured, brooding artist. Watch 
@GilbertLiz’s full TED Talk here:  
Viewing a stressful situation as an opportunity to improve your skills, knowledge or strengths makes it more likely that you'll experience stress inoculation. 
A potential way to stop Venice from sinking?  Sustainable architecture that actually repairs itself. Watch Rachel Armstrong’s full TED Talk here:  
It’s the end of #nyfw! Legendary fashion designer @DVF curated a short playlist of some of her favorite TED Talks. Check them out here: 
Writer @JackieWoodson invites us to slow down and appreciate the stories that take us places we never thought we'd go and introduce us to people we never thought we'd meet. 

Watch her full TEDTalk here:  
This is what you're actually inhaling when you vape.

(Hint: It's not water vapor.)

Let's just go home. 
How to spot a narcissist at work: 
This new model could shift the landscape of power in the US court system: 
Introspection is great, but you have to do it the right way. 
Be a better friend, partner and coworker.

What reading slowly taught me about writing:  @JackieWoodson
"If your creativity is driven by a desire to get attention, you're never going to be creatively fulfilled." @hitRECordJoe 

Do yourself a favor and let go of some of your misconceptions about casual sex. 
The countries with the biggest disparities in wealth also have the longest workweeks.  
Myth 1: Women are biologically less interested in casual sex.
Myth 2: Monogamous sex is better and safer, and monogamous people have better relationships.
Myth 3: Sex is immoral and dangerous.

Here's what the research actually says:

Helpful advice for aspiring writers, from the great @JackieWoodson: 
"Imagine the night before an election. There's a deepfake showing one of the major party candidates gravely sick. The deepfake could tip the election." @daniellecitron 
Bad news. E-cigs and vapes are basically the Trojan horses of nicotine: 
Stress isn't all bad. 
How to be good at stress: 
@jonnysun Big mood.
Thoughtful ways to grieve those we've loved and lost: 
Our emotions can cause our hearts to change shape in response to grief or fear, and even to literally break.

Watch @sjauhar's full TED Talk here:  
How deepfakes undermine truth and threaten democracy:   @daniellecitron 
"We have a system of justice that treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent." 
Sometimes complex problems are best solved with simple solutions, but a simple solution is deceptively difficult to find. 

In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers show the innovation and hard work that goes into achieving simplicity. 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
It may actually be possible to die of a broken heart. 
Great ideas that will change how you see yourself. 
A “living drug” that could change the way we treat cancer:  
6 techniques of clear and compelling speech to help you convince people you're right: 
For years, Sergeant Kevin Briggs patrolled San Francisco’s Golden Gate Bridge, a popular site for suicide attempts. Here's his advice on talking to a loved one who you fear might be suicidal. #WorldSuicidePreventionDay

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Incredible talks for inquisitive minds.  
The politicians who most clearly understood the danger posed by Hitler were the ones who never met him.

Do you know how to recognize evil in strangers? 
How our inborn tendencies and biases skew our judgement and prevent us from spotting the evil among us: 
Most of us want to believe we would have flagged Hitler and Madoff right away if we met them in person. But would we have? 
Adolf Hitler, Bernie Madoff and Amanda Knox show us 4 mistakes we all make when meeting new people: 
Do you know how to spot a bad person? 
When we define racism as behaviors instead of feelings, we can measure it — and transform it from an impossible problem into a solvable one, says justice scientist @DrPhilGoff. 
4 steps to help you regulate unpleasant emotions: 
In praise of the 10 minute meeting. 
Let's talk about COSMIC DUST. 
How we can turn racism into a solvable problem -- and improve policing:  @DrPhilGoff 
"A lot of the people I spoke to seem to have a combination of a high IQ and a low EQ. They seem to take comfort in anonymous, online spaces rather than connecting in the real world." @andrewmarantz 
"Divorce is not the end of a family; it’s a reorganization." @EstherPerel 
Inside the perplexing and creative world of making puzzles:  @traffiquelite
Kumbh Mela is a Hindu festival that takes place every 12 years at the confluence of the Ganges and the Yamuna rivers. Over a 100 million people visit the sacred site in 55 days. 

Learn how this megacity is built in about 10 weeks — and then taken down: 
"We don't think that youth should be watching pornography. But we want them to become critical thinkers if and when they do see it." @EmRothman 
"The objective of economic policy should be collective well-being: how happy and healthy a population is, not just how wealthy a population is." @NicolaSturgeon 
"Education is a critical protective factor against contact with the criminal legal system. So we should be building out policies and practices that keep girls connected to their learning, rather than pushing them away from it." @MoniqueWMorris 
"Disability is as visual as race. If a wheelchair user can't play Beyoncé, then Beyoncé can't play a wheelchair user." @maysoonzayid 
These soft robots could revolutionize everything: 
"Winning is super addictive. Once you experience it, you always want to get that feeling again." @serenawilliams 
3 lessons on starting a movement from a self-defense trailblazer:  @ranabdelhamid 
Why we must evolve the human body:  @EvolvingJuan
"Positivity is something worth fighting for, and the fight is not with others -- it's internal." @leethomastv 
"One of the simplest facts in business is something we often neglect: We're all human." 

"If your creativity is driven by a desire to get attention, you're never going to be creatively fulfilled." @hitRECordJoe 

Connect with people who know what you're going through:  
"A political leader's ability to do good is limited, but their ability to do harm is unlimited." 
"It's just a skin disorder. It's not contagious, it's not life-threatening, it just makes me look a little different." @leethomastv 
"Every time I lose, it takes a really long time for me to lose again." @serenawilliams 
"These things aren't joyful for just a few people; they're joyful for nearly everyone. They're universally joyful." 
"This is the most exciting adventure human beings have been on. This is the greatest superpower we have ever had." 
Want to help people impacted by Hurricane Dorian? Don't do this: 
When (and how) children begin to change their behaviors in the presence of others: 
"One of the things I know as a historian is that you should never underestimate human stupidity." 
When a disaster happens, this is how you can effectively help: 
"I don't have goals; I have fantasies. They're exactly like goals but without the hard work." 
 
Great ideas that will change how you see yourself:  
Why business leaders should measure employee happiness: 
"The thing that makes Goliath seem strong is the source of his greatest weakness." 
Headed back to school? Let us help you with your homework:  
How to teach teenagers to think critically about porn: 
This is how to build your life around joy: 
Whether you’re interested in fashion, the environment, creativity, or more, you can find a whole new world of ideas, curated just for you: 
Bono shares data that shows the end of poverty is in sight... if we can harness the momentum. Watch his full TED Talk here:  
This is what it’s like to hear color. Watch @NeilHarbisson’s full TED Talk here:  
This helpful way of thinking about creativity doesn't require you to be a tortured, brooding artist. Watch @GilbertLiz’s full TED Talk here:  
A potential way to stop Venice from sinking?  Sustainable architecture that actually repairs itself. Watch Rachel Armstrong’s full TED Talk here:  
It’s the first day of #nyfw! Legendary fashion designer @DVF curated a short playlist of some of her favorite TED Talks. Check them out here: 
What boomers can learn from millennials at work — other than how to download a PDF. 
"We focus on the pursuit of happiness as though it's an object we have to go out and get." 
This powerful talk by Bryan Stevenson got the longest standing ovation in TED's history: 
Why I became a climate activist -- and why you should too:  @Luisamneubauer
"Money is the most successful story ever invented by humans, because it is the only story everybody believes." 
Here's what baby boomers can learn from millennials at work — other than how to use the office printer: 
Movies like "Juno," "Little Miss Sunshine" and "Slumdog Millionaire" almost didn't get made — until The Black List. 

This is how one list changed where Hollywood looks for talent: 
“Sloths have taught me a lot about slowing down. The planet would benefit if we all took a slowly digested leaf out of their book.” 
"I became a better man, the man I always wanted to be, the kind of guy who can stand up in front of a room full of strangers and tell some of the toughest stories in his life and end it all with a smile." @leethomastv 
"We cannot just look away from this stuff. We have to try to understand it, because only by understanding it can we even start to inoculate ourselves against it." @andrewmarantz 
"Contrarian white teens of the world, look: if you are being a round earth skeptic and a male privilege skeptic and a racism is bad skeptic, you're not being a skeptic, you're being a jerk." @andrewmarantz 
Inside the bizarre world of internet trolls and propagandists:  @andrewmarantz
Inside the bizarre world of internet trolls and propagandists:  @andrewmarantz 
In this exciting tech demo, @ipoupyrev lays out his vision for a physical world that's more deeply connected to the internet:  
“Domestic workers are in charge of the fundamentals. They love and they care, and they show compassion no matter what.” @aijenpoo 
In the opioid crisis, here's what it takes to save a life:  @blazinwv 
"Less than 50 percent of the states in the United States require that sex education be taught in schools. Less than half of those states require that the information presented be medically accurate." @EmRothman 
The real reason female entrepreneurs get less funding:  @KanzeDana 
"Babies have always represented humanity's best, boldest, most beautiful infinite possibilities." @WajahatAli 
Why we need a food revolution:  @JamieOliver
"I believe that all of us are born into a reality that we blindly accept until something awakens us and a new world opens up." @ashweethashetty 
"A child’s fundamental sense of security in the world is based on their caregiver being someone they can rely upon." 
"These adolescents may not be adults yet, but they are living in an adult world. And they're ready for adult conversations." @EmRothman  
We asked improv master Anthony Veneziale of @freestylelove to give a TED Talk on a random topic with slides he'd never seen before. This is what happened. 
The untold story of David and Goliath, or the advantage of being an underdog: 
"All you need is one person, just one person who trusts and believes in you, and then you feel you can do anything." 
Want to help people impacted by Hurricane Dorian? Don't do this: 
How to teach teenagers to think critically about porn:  
One of the expert cleaners on the reality TV show Hoarders gives his advice on letting go: 
Stop asking yourself if something "sparks joy." 
Most of us accumulate things because we think they’ll make us happier. While they might, it’s a short-term buzz. 

What will definitely make you feel better — and free up time and space — is letting go of stuff you don’t use. Here's how: 
What happened when an at-home DNA test kit revealed an unsettling truth about a daughter's birth father? 

Listen to this episode of #SincerelyX anywhere you get your podcasts and dive into the whole season only on @hearluminary.  
Soil can offset global warming... if we stop treating it like dirt.  @aaberhe
A climate change solution that’s right under our feet:  @aaberhe 
In spring 2019, more than 17,000 Europeans from 33 countries signed up to have a political argument with a complete stranger. Here's how it went:  @Jochen
"Never provide poor solutions to poor people. They are smart." @chetnavsinha 
"People with disabilities are the largest minority in the world, and we are the most underrepresented in entertainment." @maysoonzayid 
"My vision for the Me Too Movement is a part of a collective vision to see a world free of sexual violence, and I believe we can build that world. Full stop.” @TaranaBurke #TEDWomen 
Is your country at risk of becoming a dictatorship? Here's how to know:  @Farida_N 
Can we cure genetic diseases by rewriting DNA?  @davidrliu
The Hindu Kush glaciers are melting. If we don't protect them, the lives of one-fifth of humanity will be in jeopardy:  @tsheringtobgay
"The legacy of two decades of a shared life is larger than the legacy of the affair." @EstherPerel 
How online shaming destroys lives:  @jonronson
"We can't build a business that is successful unless we have a diversity of perspective inside of our walls that actually feel these issues every single day." @jack 
What we should teach every child about food:  @JamieOliver
"What really matters to us in our lives? What do we value in the communities we live in? What kind of country, what kind of society, do we really want to be?" @NicolaSturgeon 
This company is so dedicated to remote working that they literally don't have an office. 

Here's why a "distributed" workforce is better for business — and employees:  @photomatt
How the simple washing machine has changed women's lives around the world: 
“This is a movement about the far-reaching power of empathy. It’s about the millions and millions of people who, one year ago, raised their hands to say, 'Me too.'” @TaranaBurke 
How we can store digital data in DNA:  @dinazielinski 
In a story of scientific discovery, chemical biologist @davidrliu shares a breakthrough: his lab's development of base editors that can rewrite DNA. 
"Every society is vulnerable to accepting propaganda as truth, and no society where propaganda replaces the truth can be truly free." @wangnanfu 
How would you prefer to spend the last years of your life: in a sterile, hospital-like institution or in a village with a supermarket, pub, theater and park within easy walking distance? 
Me Too is a movement, not a moment:  @TaranaBurke 
This simple checklist app can help refugees start new lives: 
“What domestic workers do is fundamental to the very basics of human need and humanity. They are there when we are born into this world; they shape who we become in this world; and they are with us as we prepare to leave this world.” @aijenpoo 
"We can live well not in spite of death, but because of it. Let death be what takes us, not lack of imagination." 
Inside the world’s best nursing home for people with dementia: 
"Everyone keeps saying climate change is an existential threat, and yet they just carry on like before. I don't understand that, because if the emissions have to stop, then we must stop the emissions. To me that is black or white." @GretaThunberg 
"Repression is a bitter pill that's offered to us all. We're taught to hide so many parts of who we are and what we've been through: our love, our pain, for some, our faith." @CaseyGerald 
This teenager was diagnosed with Tourette's syndrome at age six, and she struggled for years to find the right treatment. But then she noticed something amazing: whenever she played music, her involuntary tics suddenly went away. 
"Hate crimes against Muslims in the US increased by 1,600 percent post-9/11, and one in every four women in the US will suffer some form of gender violence." @ranabdelhamid 
Learn how life experiences shape the way our genes are expressed — and what that means for our understanding of gender. 
"We should be working with nature, not trying to control it." The future of food, with @jamieoliver: 
This woman grew up in the Westboro Baptist Church... and then she joined Twitter. 
How do you build your confidence? @MsPackyetti shares meaningful ways to give your confidence a boost in this episode of the @TEDRadioHour. 
Made just for cats, this cellist's album was inspired by bird chirps, mother cats’ purrs, kittens’ suckling and classic meows. It even includes ultrasound frequencies that only cats can hear. #InternationalCatDay  
This tiny computer can turn any object — like your favorite jacket — into a smart device: 
This designer wants to integrate technology into everyday objects — like a jacket you can use to answer phone calls or a houseplant you can play like a keyboard. 
"We don't realize the constant degree of noise pollution we're exposed to and how much we could profit from more quiet spaces." 
“The most powerful movements have always been built around what’s possible, not just claiming what is right now. Trauma halts possibility. Movement activates it.” @TaranaBurke #TEDWomen 
What if something was manipulating everything you saw, believed and voted for? 

In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers show you what your favorite technology is doing to you. 
These bricks made out of ashes are helping people rebuild their homes in Gaza: 
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." 
"Positivity is something worth fighting for, and the fight is not with others -- it's internal." @leethomastv 
Confessions of a recovering micromanager:   @Astrochieh 
TED Talks to help you imagine a better future and inspire you to take action.   
"The United States is the most expensive country in the world to give birth. If you do not have insurance, it will cost you 32,000 dollars to have a baby, if everything goes perfectly." @WajahatAli 
"About 38 percent of abusive tweets are now proactively identified by machine learning algorithms so that people don't actually have to report them." @jack 
This is for the students, coworkers and regular people who are often overlooked because we are seen as neither exceptional nor problematic. 
New season, new goals? We’ve got the perfect talks to help you reach them.  
These aren't your usual self-help quick fixes. In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers share meaningful ways to reduce stress, gain confidence, and connect. 
“We’re big enough to know about these things because these problems are happening where we live. And we have the right to talk about them because it will be our life in the future.”

This is what happened when @dessadarling worked with a neuroscientist to try to get her brain to fall out of love with her ex: 
"If you need any more proof I'm neurodivergent, yes, I am calm doing a thing that scares the hell out of most people. I'm almost dead inside up here." @Hannahgadsby on stand-up comedy and getting diagnosed with autism 
If you want to: 

- Get ahead at work 
- Be more hopeful 
- Learn something new 
- Become a better human 

We’ll send you the perfect TED Talks to help you to reach your goals:  
The art of asking for what you want -- even when it's scary:  @amandapalmer
"Diagnosis gave me a framework on which to hang bits of me I could never understand. My misfit suddenly had a fit." @Hannahgadsby  
"Our schools should be places where we respond to our most vulnerable girls. Our ability to see her promise should be at its sharpest when she's at her loudest, or her quietest." 
"I was a chubby-cheeked five-year-old when I joined my family on the picket line for the first time." @meganphelps 
"Severing anger from femininity means we sever girls and women from the emotion that best protects us from injustice. What if instead, we thought about developing emotional competence for boys and girls?" @schemaly 
"Love isn't a neat, symmetrical Valentine's heart. It's bodily, it's systemic, it is a hideous pair of ram's horns buried somewhere deep within your skull." @dessadarling 
How I help people understand vitiligo:  @leethomastv 
The President of Sierra Leone shares his vision for its future:  @PresidentBio 
"Finding my use has helped me to break free from being boxed, caged and bottled. Finding my use has helped me to find my voice, my self-worth and my freedom." @ashweethashetty 
Why fewer people are choosing to be parents — even when they want to have kids:  @WajahatAli
Can we choose to fall out of love?  @dessadarling 
How to overcome apathy and find your power:   @DoloresHuerta 
"The way we're taught to live has got to change. I learned this the hard way." @CaseyGerald 
"Just by listening and being kind to somebody, you have the ability to make a difference in their lives." @blazinwv 
How do we find meaning in our work? Author @johannhari101 offers deeply personal advice on navigating some of life's biggest challenges. Listen to #TheTEDInterview on @Castbox_fm or your favorite podcast platform:  
"I'm not here to tell you how to live your life, I am simply inviting you to be brave enough to author your own life, to come up with your own definitions, and to think for yourself." 
How to teach kids to talk about taboo topics:  
A mother and son’s photographic journey through dementia:  
"Where do you feel useful to this world? Because the answer to that question is where you will find your voice and your freedom." @ashweethashetty 
This is disgustingly cool. Just trust us.  @TomThummer
"It’s always been a dream of mine to have done a TED Talk in the past.”  @waitbutwhy
This is what a nursing home based on freedom, meaning and social life looks like: 
Learn more about the promises and risks of "cloud brightening" — and how it could help restore our climate to health. 
"Your life isn't just a list of events. You can edit, interpret and retell your story." @EmEsfahaniSmith 
A new, human approach to treating addiction: 
"Claim your adulthood. Don't be defined by what you didn't know or didn't do. You're deciding your life right now." 
"Human beings are works in progress that mistakenly think they're finished." 
Embrace the strange magic of your true self:  @CaseyGerald 
"CEOs have their employees suffer for them. But yet, the CEOs's pay goes up and up and up. And so many people are left behind. I'm here to tell you: no more. It's not right, it's never been right." @hamdiulukaya 
"I wrote a comedy show that did not respect the punchline, that line where comedians are expected and trusted to pull their punches and turn them into tickles. I did not stop. I punched through that line into the metaphorical guts of my audience." 
In this village, everyone has dementia — and a chance to live their own life: 
"I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys, because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me." 
"A core part of addiction is about not being able to bear to be present in your life." - @johannhari101 
How climate change affects your mental health:  @brittwray 
"In Silicon Valley, the big tech companies fish from essentially the same small pond or bay. A distributed company can fish from the entire ocean." @photomatt 
"The harmful effects of stress on your health are not inevitable -- how you think can transform stress." 
“I know some of y’all are tired, because I’m tired. I’m exhausted, and I’m numb. Those who came before us didn’t win every fight, but they didn’t let it kill their vision. It fueled it. So I can’t stop, and I’m asking you not to stop either.” @TaranaBurke 
Scientists are working on a way to screen of the contents of your exhaled breath and detect diseases. 
The joyful, perplexing world of puzzle hunts:  @traffiquelite 
10 funny, insightful TED Talks by Hans Rosling:  
It's not true that young people are more creative — but there is one factor that changes as you get older: 
"Hard choices are precious opportunities for us to become the distinctive people that we are." 
"Are we raising kids who don't know how to dream big dreams, whose biggest goal is getting the next A?" 
A generous vacation policy allows companies to communicate two messages to employees: “We care about your well-being” and “We trust you to get your work done.” 
7 steps to successfully persuade a friend to cut down on eating meat:  #MeatlessMonday
The best way to make people more productive is to give them real time off: 
The work that makes all other work possible:  @aijenpoo 
"The gray areas are where you find the complexity, the humanity, and the truth." 
"We are one of the loneliest societies that has ever been." - @johannhari101 
"Grief is kind of one of those things, like falling in love or having a baby or watching "The Wire" on HBO, where you don't get it until you get it, until you do it." @noraborealis 
How to stop chasing attention and find your creative flow:  @hitrecordjoe
"Sooner or later, I think we all wonder: Is this all there is?" @EmEsfahaniSmith 
"Hard choices are hard because there is no best option." 
How paying attention — instead of seeking attention — can make you more creative:  @hitrecordjoe
Why you should search for meaning — not happiness:  @EmEsfahaniSmith 
Why you want to wash your hands when you're feeling guilty: 
“The problem with stereotypes is not that they are untrue, but that they are incomplete. They make one story become the only story.” 
Let's call this bonding 101. 
Why sunscreen is really, super duper, extra important: 
"Our control of the outer world is limited, temporary, and often, illusory." 
"We humans have extraordinary potential for goodness, but also immense power to do harm." 
How the simple washing machine has changed women's lives around the world: 
"Hard choices are hard not because of us or our ignorance; they're hard because there is no best option." 
"We have to live simply, so that others can simply live." 
"We have to live simply, so that others can simply live." 
You should give your office's confusing software a second chance. 
Writer @Andrew_Solomon takes you to the darkest corners of his mind during the years he battled depression: 
Getting people to do what you want them to do requires telling these 3 stories: 
Why trust and cooperation are essential to good business: 
"Your stress response has a built-in mechanism for stress resilience, and that mechanism is human connection." 
How to let kindness guide your choices in life: 
"These days, the hunt is on for people's shameful secrets." — @jonronson 
"Instead of looking for hope, look for action. Then, and only then, hope will come. We can't save the world by playing by the rules, because the rules have to be changed. Everything needs to change, and it has to start today." @GretaThunberg 
Do animals grieve? Do they have language or consciousness? In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers explore what we know about the minds of our friends in the animal kingdom. 
Need some motivation? Find the talks that will keep you excited to reach your goals.  
"You can always find a shock of beauty and meaning in what life you have left."  @zenhospice
"It is profoundly traumatizing to be told by tens of thousands of people that you need to get out." — @jonronson 
Desperate to quit your job? Read this first.  @SimonSinek 
Ping pong and the riddle of victory:  @PicoIyer
"The victim of an affair is not always the victim of the marriage." — @EstherPerel 
"Anger is a human emotion, neither good nor bad. It is actually a signal emotion. It warns us of indignity, threat, insult and harm."   @schemaly
"I believe fundamentally that public conversation is critical." @jack 
It's normal to be at a loss for words when you're asked to speak at a memorial or a funeral. Here are some basic guidelines to get you started: 
We would like to salute the weirdos who thought it would be a good idea to stick a camera down a beatboxer's throat and just see what happens. 
Why work doesn't happen at work:  @jasonfried 
Smart ways to build yourself up: 
"For this disaster, we need to redefine our job as a first responder. We need to be more than just the cavalry. We need to do more than just save a life. We need to find ways to rebuild that life." @blazinwv 
"When a leader makes the choice to put others first, remarkable things happen." 
How to give a powerful eulogy:  
Imagine what you could have if you asked for what you want:  
The power to think ahead in a reckless age:  @binajv
"Chasing meaning is better for your health than trying to avoid discomfort." 
Is women's sexuality actually more complicated than men's? No. 
"Leadership is a choice; it is not a rank." 
A librarian's case against overdue book fines:  
Learn how we create our own happiness in this fascinating, classic talk: 
What really matters at the end of life:  @zenhospice 
"Stories matter. Stories can break the dignity of a people, but stories can also repair that broken dignity." 
“You’re imperfect, and you’re wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging.” 
Family, hope and resilience on the migrant trail:  @JonLowenstein
"The one constant in our life is change." 
"Connection is why we're here. It's what gives purpose and meaning to our lives." 
How great leaders inspire action:  @simonsinek
Why you should treat the tech you use at work like a colleague:  
"The person you are right now is as transient, as fleeting and as temporary as all the people you've ever been." 
Success is a continuous journey, not a one way street: 
How to find the person who can help you get ahead at work:  @carlaannharris 
Shah Rukh Khan: What fame has taught me about humanity.  @iamsrk 
8 ways to become a more resilient person:  @drmegjay 
Here's how paying attention — instead of seeking attention —  can make you happier and more creative. 

Watch @hitrecordjoe's full TED Talk here:  
This talk will completely change the way you think about stress: 
Get a realtime look at how beatboxers make such wild sounds:  
Great advice for all the 20-somethings in your life: 
How craving attention makes you less creative:  @hitrecordjoe 
"If men knew how often women were filled with white hot rage when we cried, they would be staggered." @schemaly 
Whether you're starting a new business or just having a conversation, learn how to spot the kinds of questions you're being asked -- and how to respond more effectively. 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
This one speaks for itself. 
3 ways to build a better, less selfish society: 
"There is no greater joy than working together." 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
"In order for connection to happen, we have to allow ourselves to be seen, really seen." 
"Gender colors the way we experience the world. But we can change that." 
Yes, you can have a successful divorce. Here's how:  @EstherPerel
"How powerful would our world be if we had kids who were not afraid to take risks, not afraid to think?" 
Replace the brain cells you fried sitting too close to the TV because you didn't listen to your mother: 
When do kids start to care about other people's opinions?  
"Our brains evolved for a very different world." Why we make bad decisions: 
The most mysterious star in the universe:  
"There are mountains of sorrow that cannot move, and one way or another, we will all kneel there."  @zenhospice
"We teach boys to be afraid of weakness, of vulnerability. We teach them to mask their true selves." 
Feeling beaten up? Here's how to become a more resilient person:  @drmegjay
"We need sustainable harmony, not sustainable growth." 
Roughly 40 million Americans are looking for love on the Internet. 
We all need this talk right now. 
"There was a library in San Francisco that did an amnesty day last year, and they welcomed back 5,000 users who had been blocked. That same day, they received more than 700,000 items that were overdue. Among them was one book that was 100 years overdue." 
Gender and biological sex are much more complicated than x and y chromosomes. This new field of science is finding interesting answers: 
"Where did we come from? How did the universe come into being? Are we alone in the universe? What is the future of the human race?"

Stephen Hawking on some of the biggest questions of our time: 
.@BreneBrown's advice on how to feel like you truly belong:  
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
Love yourself. 
"Dependents want to feel a part of something, anything. Make the time meaningful. Life, it's about wanting to live and not waiting to die." 
How to stay calm when you know you'll be stressed:   @danlevitin 
We don't "move on" from grief. We move forward with it:  @noraborealis 
We don't "move on" from grief. We move forward with it:  @noraborealis 
The two mistakes we all make when we try to make a decision: 
"The future you has to be a you that loves. Otherwise it will cease to flourish." @iamsrk 
This is why some people are more resilient than others: 
How to turn shame into strength: 
What to do when you face a really tough decision: 
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
"You can lead a good, ethical life, but some bad phraseology in a tweet can overwhelm it all."  @jonronson
"Grief doesn't happen in this vacuum, it happens alongside of and mixed in with all of these other emotions." @noraborealis 
"Kids don't learn from people they don't like." 
Let us debunk some age-old myths about women’s sexuality! 
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
Good news! There is hope for the bees. Really. 
If you need help learning how to back off at work, start here. 
Disappointed with democracy? Try automating politicians. 
"Getting over heartbreak is not a journey. It's a fight, and your reason is your strongest weapon." @GuyWinch 
"Monogamy used to be one person for life. Today, monogamy is one person at a time." 
"Every child deserves a champion, an adult who will never give up on them." 
This is what truly leads someone to change their worldview. 
A pastor who helps people write eulogies offers the following guidelines: 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
How to cure micromanagement at work: 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
This is one of those TED Talks that you need to see to believe. 
“Teaching kids about equity in schools is not teaching them what to think. It is about giving them the tools and strategies and language and opportunities to practice how to think.” 
How do you make a decision when both options seem equal? These tips will help you make the tough calls. 
"We have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned." 
"Leaders hold a position of power or authority, but those who lead inspire us." 
3 ways to recover from rejection: 
10 things you didn't know about orgasm:  @mary_roach
"If you ask people where they go to get something done, you almost never hear them say the office." 
How to recover when you feel rejected or lonely: 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
Meritocracy is a myth. This is the real key to getting ahead at work: 
3 bits of advice that every twenty-something needs to hear: 
"We have within us the capacity to manufacture the happiness we are constantly chasing." 
What your breath could reveal about your health:  
Why do happy couples cheat? 
Why hearing "you're not there yet" is more helpful than hearing you failed: 
What is happiness, and how can we all get some? 
"Talent and intelligence are equally distributed throughout the world. But opportunity is not." @photomatt 
10 funny, insightful TED Talks by Hans Rosling:  
Why hearing "you're not there yet" is more helpful than hearing you failed: 
It's time to stop spending your days complaining, says leadership expert @simonsinek. 
"We do a great disservice to boys on how we raise them; we stifle the humanity of boys." 
Watch the late Stan Lee's TED Talk about how to create your own superheroes: 
For everyone who waits until the last minute to get things done: 
"If you hire people who believe what you believe, they'll work for you with blood and sweat and tears." 
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
"I learned that I did not have to trade part of my body to get an education. I had a right." 
A funny, provocative talk on why we're often afraid to pursue what we really want: 
"Female sexuality can't be fixed with a pill. That's because it's not broken: it's misunderstood." 
You only wish you could procrastinate as well as this guy. 
"Dictators feed on propaganda. They like giving the impression that they are the saviors, and without them, the country will fall apart. And they are always fighting some foreign forces." @Farida_N 
"The best time to work on your marriage is before you have one." 
"Affairs are an act of betrayal. They are also an expression of longing and loss." 
Do you procrastinate often? Blame your office: 
"Passion is your greatest love. Passion will help you create the highest expression of your talent." 
"Does a Snapchat with a stranger count as cheating in the same way as the old-fashioned romp in a motel room?" 
Some libraries are getting rid of late fees and the impact is amazing. 
This master procrastinator is the king of Internet rabbit holes. 
How to make stress your friend: 
Just get your heart broken? Don't idealize your ex. 
Great advice for avoiding conflict if politics comes up at the dinner table. @julia_dhar 
"It's a pretty terrible situation when you're coming to a service that, ideally, you want to learn something about the world, and you spend the majority of your time reporting abuse, receiving abuse, receiving harassment." @jack 
"Our minds and our feelings are not the trustworthy friends we thought they were." 
From curating social media feeds to getting into the perfect college, our obsession with perfectionism is getting worse. Here’s how it hurts our health: 
"What if there are things that even a good relationship can never provide?" 
One key characteristic could predict success: 

Just a weird star … or signs of an alien civilization? 
10 things to consider before you walk out in the middle of a meeting. 
"Leaders will choose to sacrifice so their people may gain." 
Tips on how to let creativity flourish, from a reformed micromanager: 
"The very ingredients that nurture love are sometimes the very ingredients that stifle desire." 
"It’s not that I ignore when I’m feeling badly. I accept it, I let it in so that I can acknowledge it, and I do what I need to do to move past it." 
3 tips for dealing with loneliness: 
This is where middle managers are learning bad habits — and how to change that: 
Weird facts about orgasm, from obscure scientific research:  
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list: 
A sponsor will champion your hard work. Here's how to find one: 
What makes a good life? Lessons from the longest study on happiness: 
Why storytelling is the ultimate weapon of the powerful: 
4 tips for talking to people you disagree with:  
This is where bad managers learn such terrible habits: 
"Four hours of uninterrupted time is the best gift you can give anybody at work." 
These are the long-term benefits of regular exercise for your brain:  @wasuzuki
Traffic, construction, your neighbor’s lawnmower and other loud noises can have a surprising impact on your health. Here’s how to get a little more quiet in your life: 
"Black girls are routinely seen as too loud, too aggressive, too angry, too visible. Qualities that are often measured in relation to nonblack girls and which don't take into consideration what's going on in this girl's life or her cultural norms." 
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
If your career truly sparked your passion and used your talent fully, what would you be doing? 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
You can grow new brain cells. Here's how:  
Want to be healthier? Start by seeking out a quieter life. 
Learn how to argue — and disagree politely — from a debate champion: 
This is how habits form — and how to break them: 
This personality trait is a major predictor of success: 
"We can't practice compassion with other people if we can't treat ourselves kindly." 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
The brain science behind why teenagers make questionable life decisions: 
"A grieving person is going to laugh again and smile again. If they're lucky, they'll even find love again. Yes, absolutely, they're going to move forward. But that doesn't mean that they've moved on." @noraborealis 
Polyglots are people who speak several languages fluently. Learn their clever advice for picking up new tongues quickly: 
3 tips on how to argue — and find common ground — from a debate champion: 
Alexis Jones spent years in college locker rooms talking to young men about their relationships with women. Here's what she learned: 
It's National Bring TED to Work Day — a holiday we just made up, but a great opportunity to listen to these TED Talks on your commute! 
7 of your burning questions about workplace romance, answered. 
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  #InternationalCatDay 
This is why your cat is such a weirdo. #InternationalCatDay  
Happy August! If you're heading to the beach, let us be the millionth person to remind you why sunscreen is important. 
Even a toothbrush can reveal a world of inequalities. 
On the road again? 
The science behind when in life you will succeed or fail:  @barabasi
Drown out your backseat drivers with these TED Talks. 
Another day, another commute? Here are some great TED Talks to take with you: 
For your next vacation, try going nowhere. 
Thinking about an immoral act quite literally leaves a bad taste in your mouth. 
If your commute is 10 minutes or 2 hours, these TED Talks will get you through it: 
Your mom called! She says, "Wear sunscreen." 
The real relationship between your age and success:  @barabasi
@Adweek We're hosting a potluck in the teachers' lounge.
A pastor who helps people write eulogies offers the following guidelines: 
Should workplace couples keep their relationships secret? And why are coworkers so often attracted to each other? We asked an expert. 
100 solutions to climate change:
  @ChadFrischmann
This documentary filmmaker is sharing the untold stories of China’s one-child policy:  @wangnanfu
"Nobody invented dance. It is deep in the heart of every culture throughout history; dance is part of the pulse of humanity." @SirKenRobinson 
"With every click, we make a choice. The more we saturate our culture with public shaming, the more accepted it is." @MonicaLewinsky 
"Imagine walking a mile in someone else's headline." 

@MonicaLewinsky on the price of shame: 
"Anyone who is suffering from shame and public humiliation needs to know one thing: You can survive it." — Monica Lewinsky 
A groundbreaking expedition to the bottom of all five of the world’s oceans:  @FiveDeeps
"We reward confidence in some people and we punish confidence in others... For some of us, confidence is a revolutionary choice." @MsPackyetti 
Scientists use CRISPR to edit genes... but what does that actually mean? Here’s how it works: 
"For all the talk about how we’re disappearing into our isolated technologies, we still are living in a culture that expects us to be on a remarkable percentage of the time, often with people who we don’t know that well or have never even met before." 
How do we heal in challenging times? Author @johannhari101 offers a deeply personal and uplifting perspective on the search for hope and meaning. 

Listen to #TheTEDInterview on @Spotify or your favorite podcast platform:  
This woman's job is to imagine the consequences of new inventions:  @anabjain
To transform society, we should place wellbeing at its heart:  @NicolaSturgeon
This simple checklist app can help refugees start new lives: 
"I learned a lot of big words when I was 16 getting ready for the SAT, but none of them come to me now. In the police car, the only thing that really speaks is my skin." @bamuthi 
"I smell like the last gasp before my own death. I think how long the boy will wait before he realizes that daddy is not on his way. I think his last barely formed memory of me will be the story of how I never came for him." @bamuthi 
From envy to lust, the 7 deadly sins are ingrained in human behavior. In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 7 TED speakers explore why humans love to sin. 
Implantable defibrillators save lives, but they come with a terrible price — painful electric shocks. For patients, the question remains: What are you willing to give up to live a little longer? 
A powerful look at what we should learn from #BBQBecky, #PermitPatty, and other viral stories of white people calling the police on black people for just living their lives:  @baratunde #LivingWhileBlack
This is what would happen if we let the Hindu Kush glaciers continue to melt:  @tsheringtobgay
This simple invention to prevent stampedes could save thousands of lives. Here's how it works:  @1geek0
"Dance can help restore joy and stability in troubled lives and ease the tensions in schools that are disrupted by violence and bullying." @SirKenRobinson 
These 6 pioneering women helped create modern computers: 
This is the important connection between politics and parenting. 

Watch @hajershareif's full TED Talk here:  
What's on the bottom of the ocean — and how we're getting there:  @FiveDeeps 
How parents can run a democratic family — and raise smart kids who care about politics:  @hajershareif
"For the past three decades, everyone in my family had to apply for permission from the government to have a child." @wangnanfu 
Early education is critical to children's success — but millions of kids in the United States still don't have access to programs that prepare them to thrive in kindergarten. 

Enter the UPSTART Project:  @WaterfordOrg
"Confidence is the difference between being inspired and actually getting started, between trying and doing until it's done. Confidence helps us keep going even when we failed." @MsPackyetti 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
The case for a decentralized internet:   @hellozeronet 
Watch the first TED Talk by a digital human: 
You don't have to pretend to know what quantum computers are anymore: 
For when you've deleted every social media app on your phone but it's still not enough. 
"There is emotional damage done when young people can't be themselves." @DenaSimmons 
Your exact Venmo payments might be making you look petty: 
How to teach kids to talk about taboo topics:  
When technology can read minds, how will we protect our privacy?  @NitaFarahany 
Why teachers should see "at-risk" students as "at-promise" kids:  @drvictorrios
Brainstorming doesn't have to suck. Here's how @TheOnion's writers' room helps people be creative: 
"Confidence is the necessary spark before everything that follows." @MsPackyetti 
How to show up as your most confident self:  @MsPackyetti 
3 questions this CEO uses to weed out jerks: 
How we'll earn money in a future without jobs:   @MFordFuture 
This engineer built her own physical version of Flappy Bird: 
"Instead of looking for hope, look for action. Then, and only then, hope will come. We can't save the world by playing by the rules, because the rules have to be changed. Everything needs to change, and it has to start today." @GretaThunberg 
For these women, reading is an act of daring:  
This is one of those tech demos you have to see to believe. 
The fundamental right to seek asylum:  
CRISPR, explained: 
Here's the deal with that "alien spaceship."

"GDP measures the output of all of our work, but it says nothing about the nature of that work, about whether that work is worthwhile or fulfilling." @NicolaSturgeon 
There is not just one sex talk parents need to have with their kids. 
How tech companies deceive you into giving up your data and privacy:  @finnmyrstad 
This is the important connection between politics and parenting:  @hajershareif
This scientist accidentally coded bias into her computer. Here's what she learned: 
"Language is the most beautiful of human creations. It's the loveliest thing that our brains have invented." @ajitq 
Here's why you should have a candid family meeting where everyone can express their opinions, negotiate and compromise on how the household is run:  @hajershareif
Good news! There is hope for the bees. Really. 
Four tricky ways that fake news can fool you:  
.@callisto could revolutionize how we report sexual assault. Here's how it works:  @JessicaHLadd
"Do you feel trapped in a broken economic model that excludes billions of people while making a handful unimaginably rich? That sorts us into winners and losers, and then blames the losers for their misfortune? Welcome to neoliberalism." 
Watch @bamuthi's breathtaking jazz-inflected spoken-word performance "You Have the Rite":  
These TED Talks are perfect for kiddos excited about science and technology: 
Would you pay for Facebook if it meant having full control of your data? 
4 key pieces of feedback that children wish they could give their parents: 
Simple ways to raise kids who are creative, confident, and in control of the world around them: 
"What is the point of locking a house with a key if anyone can enter it through a connected device?" 
"We are a society of altruists, but we are governed by psychopaths." 
The human skills we need in an unpredictable world:  @M_Heffernan 
These are the unpredictable, messy human skills you should work on cultivating:  @M_Heffernan 
5 TED Talks every new graduate should watch: 
Why even morally upstanding people choose corruption: 
Let us validate your hatred of treadmills with facts. 
How to encourage kids to think critically from an early age: 
A clever, easy way to turn family chaos into peace and calm: 
Do you ever order clothes online in different sizes and colors just to try them on and then send back what doesn't work? Yeah, maybe stop doing that. 
Want to fight terrorism? Don't buy knock-off purses and watches. 
"Everyone keeps saying climate change is an existential threat, and yet they just carry on like before. I don't understand that, because if the emissions have to stop, then we must stop the emissions. To me that is black or white." @GretaThunberg 
San Diego recently announced plans to produce 35 percent of its water from recycled sewage by 2030 — not just for irrigation but for drinking. 
Why you should stop telling people that they're the "best":  @shawnachor
Our planet is getting hotter and drier, and drinking water is in short supply. 

Get a taste of what might be in store for your thirst: 
Would you drink desalinated seawater? What about recycled sewage water? 
Charles Darwin was fascinated by laughter. Here's why: 
If you want deeper, more meaningful connections with others, this is how to make that happen. 
What it was like to grow up under China's one-child policy:  @wangnanfu 
A well-placed guffaw is the key to developing social bonds: 
“We think we have to be successful, then we’ll be happier. But our brains work in the opposite order." 
This is how to make friends as an adult. 
This is how habits form — and how to break them: 
"If you raise your level of positivity, then your brain performs significantly better. Your intelligence rises, your creativity rises, your energy levels rise." 
These rural women in India were denied savings accounts because they couldn't read and write. Now the bank they started has $20 million in capital. 
A trans man in the South argues for his right to keep his history private and pushes against the idea that he must be "out" to be authentic and proud. 

Listen to #SincerelyX on @hearluminary:  
How to use laughter to de-escalate tense situations: 
"Policewomen are met with the same rates of force as their male counterparts, sometimes more, and yet they're more successful in defusing violent or aggressive behavior overall." @PD_PhD 
Less than 13 percent of police officers in the United States are women — despite their proven effectiveness in diffusing violent situations and reducing the use of force:  @PD_PhD 
Why First Minister of Scotland @NicolaSturgeon thinks GDP is the wrong measure of a country's success: 
"Despair is the state we fall into when our imagination fails." 
"Studies show that the extroverted leaders, the charismatic ones, tend to get paid more, but they’re not necessarily delivering better results." 
8 TED Talks about how to invest in making the world a better place: 
Getting rid of open-plan offices isn't only about making introverts more comfortable — it will help employees focus and build trust: 
"When you have people in open offices, they’re less productive, they have trouble focusing, and ironically, they have more trouble forming close connections." 
You use your brain's executive function every day — it's how you do things like pay attention, plan ahead and control impulses. Here's how to make it stronger: 
"People assume that if you’re introverted, you wouldn’t be competitive or ambitious, and that’s not necessarily so. It just shows up differently." 
What’s the difference between shyness and introversion?

@susancain answers some frequently asked questions about introversion: 
Executive function is our ability to consciously control our thoughts, emotions and actions in order to achieve goals — like learning how to drive. 
Use this inside look at your brain to break bad habits and achieve your goals: 
Learn something new without your brain breaking a sweat: 
"GDP measures the output of all of our work, but it says nothing about the nature of that work, about whether that work is worthwhile or fulfilling." @NicolaSturgeon 
Why governments should prioritize well-being:  @NicolaSturgeon 
@DanTGilbert @iain_00 @NicolaSturgeon Yes, it's just gone online! 
"Confidence is the necessary spark before everything that follows." @MsPackyetti 
Why dance class is just as important as math class:  @SirKenRobinson 
Why educators must love and lead fearlessly: 
This dramatic restructuring of the economy would value the well-being of the average person more than the marketplace. Here's how it works: 
"We are a society of altruists, but we are governed by psychopaths." 
How our education system fails young boys, and what we can do to fix it: 
Faced with a challenging-to-pronounce name? Here's what to do: 
"The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult, but rather better adults than you have been." 
9 TED Talks to reawaken your creative energy: 
"There was a library in San Francisco that did an amnesty day last year, and they welcomed back 5,000 users who had been blocked. That same day, they received more than 700,000 items that were overdue. Among them was one book that was 100 years overdue." 
An introvert's guide to working: 
9 TED Talks from inspiring teachers: 
“Teaching kids about equity in schools is not teaching them what to think. It is about giving them the tools and strategies and language and opportunities to practice how to think.” 
These steps can help you tackle your insecurities in the bedroom: 
Polyglots are people who speak several languages fluently. Learn their clever advice for picking up new tongues quickly: 
8 TED Talks to help you do better research:  
A sex educator shares the keys to a happy sex life: 
Why you should ask your doctor, "Is this really necessary?” 
We entrust teachers with the world’s most important job: educating our kids. So why don't we pay them more? 
Never take a bad work day home again, using these 3 steps: 
You can master networking even if you don't like talking to people. Here's how: 
5 TED Talks every new graduate should watch: 
"One of my suggestions for improving education is very basic: pay teachers like the professionals they are." 
How to encourage kids to think critically from an early age: 
This list of books assigned to students everywhere will expand your horizons — and your bookshelves: 
These are instant red flags: 
The books that students are required to read in 28 countries around the world:  
The pressure to be perfect is hurting our girls:  @reshmasaujani #BraveNotPerfect
People who develop a more complex understanding of their emotions are healthier and go to the doctor less frequently: 
4 tips for learning new things quickly: 
Leave today's annoyances — that critical comment made by your coworker, or the disappointing numbers in the weekly report — at the office. Here's how: 
Does your doctor prioritize your health or their payment? 
Having a hard time pronouncing someone's name? Here's what to do: 

1. Be humble and admit you're having difficulty.
2. If you hear someone mispronounce another person's name, kindly correct them. 
3. Don't change their name just because you can't say it.

"Do you feel trapped in a broken economic model that excludes billions of people while making a handful unimaginably rich? That sorts us into winners and losers, and then blames the losers for their misfortune? Welcome to neoliberalism." 
The new political story that could change everything:  
Free up space in your mind with these tips from the creator of the Bullet Journal. 

Is Venmo ruining your friendships? 
How Venmo could be harming your relationships: 
Never ever decide you're going to change someone's name just because you can't pronounce it. 
3 excuses we use to avoid starting big projects — and how to get past them: 
Learn how to clearly identify your emotions and recategorize them: 
How to stop failing before you've even started: 
Stop checking your ex's Instagram. Seriously, stop. 
Try these two techniques to master your emotions: 
The Hindu Kush glaciers are melting. If we don't protect them, the lives of one-fifth of humanity will be in jeopardy:  @tsheringtobgay
The world's "Third Pole" is melting away. Here's how we can stop it from disappearing:  @tsheringtobgay 
The benefits of giving spike when people feel a real sense of connection with those they are helping and can easily envision the difference they're making in their lives:  @DunnHappyLab
Here’s a fun fact: Three-toed sloths fart through their mouths. You’re welcome for this knowledge. 
This surprisingly simple device can heal a hole in a baby’s heart in one 30 minute procedure:  
“Anything that is worth pursuing is going to require us to suffer, just a little bit." 
These 9 paintings have a trippy secret:  
This isn’t a still painting. You’re looking at a real person. 

Artist Alexa Meade paints directly onto the bodies of her subjects, taking three-dimensional scenes and making them look like two-dimensional paintings. Here's how:  
Get a behind-the-scenes look at how artist @AlexaMeadeArt submerged @ArianaGrande in a pool of paint:   
Surf photographer Chris Burkard is obsessed with the coldest, choppiest and most isolated beaches on Earth. 

See more of Chris’s jaw-dropping photography:   
It's not true that young people are more creative — but there is one factor that changes as you get older: 
The science behind when in life you will succeed or fail:  @barabasi
The real relationship between your age and success:  @barabasi
"Poetry and grace can be found in the words of people all around us when we simply take the time to listen." 
"We have a system of justice in this country that treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent." 
How to give a powerful eulogy:  
Here's what to do when a friend is diagnosed with cancer:  @suleikajaouad 
This is the important connection between politics and parenting:  @hajershareif
It's normal to be at a loss for words when you're asked to speak at a memorial or a funeral. Here are some basic guidelines to get you started: 
In April, journalist @carolecadwalla gave a vital TED Talk about how a barrage of misleading Facebook ads targeted at swing voters shaped the outcome of Brexit.

Here's what has happened since her talk went viral. Watch the full interview here:  #TEDSummit 
Here's why you should have a candid family meeting where everyone can express their opinions, negotiate and compromise on how the household is run:  @hajershareif
A judge in the juvenile justice system becomes a whistleblower and reveals her plan to take power away from judges. Listen to the latest episode of #SincerelyX on @hearluminary:  
How to give a eulogy that truly celebrates the person you’re honoring:  
This is why it's so hard to get over failure. Here's how to unstick your brain: 
This community hall in Mumbai is made out of paper-mache and plaster of Paris. It's built for the Ganesh festival and is disassembled after 10 days.

Learn more about temporary architecture:  
How to use family dinner to teach politics:  @hajershareif 
"Failure to prepare could allow the next epidemic to be dramatically more devastating than Ebola.” — @BillGates 
This is what happens when you reply to spam email:  @veitchtweets 
These are the ingredients of a great conversation: 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
"We have within us the capacity to manufacture the happiness we are constantly chasing." 
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
Why you should ask your doctor, "Is this really necessary?” 
Ask your doctor these 4 questions the next time they recommend a medication or surgery:
- Is this really necessary?
- What are the risks?
- Are there other options?
- What happens if I don’t do anything?

Ask your doctor these 4 questions the next time they recommend a medication or surgery: 
"Honor killings take place in many parts of the world, where men punish women who transgress rules made by them... In the rest of the world, honor killings would be known as murder." @SOCFilms 
The architectural wonder of impermanent cities built to disappear:  
Some valuable parenting lessons from children: 
Having a mentor can make a huge difference in your career — but first you have to find one. Here's how: 
What happens to privacy when we can read people’s minds? 

"I realized that the man who I loved so much was going to kill me." 
"My question to you is, is this what you want? Is this how you want history to remember you? As the handmaidens to authoritarianism?" 

Watch as @carolecadwalla calls out the "gods of Silicon Valley" for being on the wrong side of history: 
Learn how to cultivate a healthy dose of skepticism: 
"We are what happens to a western democracy when a hundred years of electoral laws are disrupted by technology. Our democracy is broken, our laws don't work anymore." @carolecadwalla  
Space traffic is our next big environmental problem:  @moribajah
Grilling this weekend? This is the future of plant-based and cell-based meat:  
An astronaut's story of curiosity, perspective and change:  @Astro_Flow 
How to support a friend through cancer:  @suleikajaouad 
"It can be difficult to know what to say to someone who has just been diagnosed with cancer — and when people don’t know what to say, they often say nothing at all. It’s better to show up than to err on the side of silence." @suleikajaouad 
6 space technologies that we can use to improve life on Earth:   @space_enabled
For centuries, authors like Jules Verne and H.G. Wells wrote stories about traveling to space. Here’s how those tales helped us get to the moon: 
The relationship between the Earth and the Moon is unlike anything else in our solar system. This groundbreaking theory explains what makes it so special: 
This is a brilliant way to support the local businesses you love. Here's how it works: 
Mentalism, mind reading and the art of getting inside your head:  @DerrenBrown 
Why your city should think about starting its own currency:  
How going to space shifted my perspective on humanity: 
This personal air-quality tracker lets you know what you're breathing: 
Listen to some of these great jams for your cat: 
Made just for cats, this cellist's album was inspired by bird chirps, mother cats’ purrs, kittens’ suckling and classic meows. It even includes ultrasound frequencies that only cats can hear. 
Psychedelics could reshape how we treat trauma and mental illness. Here's how: 
Free up space in your mind with these tips from the creator of the Bullet Journal. 

4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  
When Leland Melvin was 5 years old, he watched Apollo 11 land on the moon. In 1969, he never imagined he'd grow up to become an astronaut too. 
7 TED Talks about what it would actually be like to live on another planet: 
In 1969, when humanity first landed on the moon, the typeface Futura was right there with them. @dougthomas31 shares Futura's role in launching the Apollo 11 spacecraft — and how it became one of the most used fonts in the world. 
This is why your cat is such a weirdo: 
The psychological reason you need more plants in your life: 
"Only dead people never get stressed, never get broken hearts, never experience the disappointment that comes with failure. Tough emotions are part of our contract with life." @SusanDavid_PhD 
"How is it possible that we landed on the moon and walked around 29 years before we discovered the anatomy of the clitoris?" 

Whether you're heartbroken or stressed out, these TED Talks will help you process your emotions. 
This weekend, let yourself get lost in your thoughts. 
How the Futura typeface helped launch Apollo:  @dougthomas31 
All the motivation you need to tackle that to-do list waiting for you at home this weekend. 
Three years ago, the US resettled 15,000 Syrian refugees in response to the largest refugee crisis on earth. A year later, that number was 3,000. Last year, that number was 62 people. 
"My identity is not my obstacle. My identity is my superpower." @AmericaFerrera 
How do we take back control when technology knows us better than we know ourselves? @harari_yuval talks about the incredible effect of taking time to unplug on this episode of #TheTEDInterview.  

Listen on @Spotify or your favorite podcast platform:  
A refugee &amp; immigrants rights attorney shares an urgently needed historical perspective on the crisis at the southern US border — and shows how citizens can hold their governments accountable for protecting the vulnerable: 
"Acute physical pain ends relatively quick; complex emotional pain does not." @eubanksaustin 

"Being cured is not where the work of healing ends. It's where it begins." @suleikajaouad 
The US maternal mortality rate is shockingly high. Here’s how to fix it — and save lives:  @LizHowellMD
"It's absolutely legal to seek asylum. It is a fundamental right in our own laws and in international law." 
The shocking truth about maternal health in the US:  @LizHowellMD
"We'd worry a lot less about what other people think of us if we realized how seldom they do." @DerrenBrown 
What is mentalism, and how do you practice it? 

Watch psychological illusionist @DerrenBrown's dazzling mind-reading performance from #TED2019: 
"I don't believe for a second that I have any special psychological gifts, let alone any psychic ones." @DerrenBrown 
You only need 30 seconds to know if you click with someone. So why do we get stuck on inescapable Tinder dates when we already know we're not interested?

Watch @cmwalla's full TED Talk about making online dating work for you:  
How we can improve maternal healthcare — before, during and after pregnancy:  @LizHowellMD 
Polyglots are people who speak several languages fluently. Learn their clever advice for picking up new tongues quickly: 
"Hide-the-pain Harold is a role. It's not really me, it's given to me by the internet people." 
"A country shows strength through compassion and pragmatism, not through force and through fear." 
"You don’t need to work for an organization that saves lives to find meaning and purpose in what you do." 
25 TED Talks that will change how you see the world: 
4 TED Talks to help you stop being such a perfectionist: 
How to get over the end of a relationship: 
"To bloom, we must learn not to fear self-doubt but to embrace it as a naturally occurring opportunity for growth and improvement." 
Technology knows you so well, it won't even need your data anymore. @harari_yuval says it's time to fight back by taking time to disconnect on this episode of #TheTEDInterview.  

Listen for free on @Apple Podcasts:  
Need to ask for help? Here's the wrong way to do it. 
Early education is critical to children's success — but millions of kids in the United States still don't have access to programs that prepare them to thrive in kindergarten. 

Enter the UPSTART Project:  @WaterfordOrg
The fundamental right to seek asylum:  
"Magic is a great analogy for how we edit reality and form a story — and then mistake that story for the truth." @DerrenBrown 
What does it feel like to be a sociopath? Listen to the latest episode of Sincerely, X here:  
These origami robots can roll, jump, catapult like a slingshot and even pulse like a beating heart.  @robotician
The fascinating art of mentalism:  @DerrenBrown
Mentalism, mind reading and the art of getting inside your head:  @DerrenBrown 
"My mom got a lot of her beliefs from social media, from Facebook and from organizations that were allowing their platforms to push lies that were very dangerous." @j_lindenberger 

The inside story of one teen's quest to get vaccinated: 
"There is no feeling on earth like the start of an expedition. You know that there's this possibility that you're about to find something that could change our knowledge of who we are and where we come from." @LittleMsFossil 
"Listening to one another will not magically solve all problems. But it will give a chance to create avenues to start to work together to solve many of humanity's problems." 
"A grieving person is going to laugh again and smile again. Yes, they're going to move forward. But that doesn't mean that they've moved on." 

Watch @noraborealis's full TED Talk about grief here:  
.@MonicaLewinsky reveals the personal impact of public humiliation and how forgiveness helped her heal. Listen to #TheTEDInterview for free on @ApplePodcasts:  
“Cinema can play a very positive role in changing and molding society in a positive direction.” @SOCFilms 
How special effects trick our brains when we watch a movie: 
"Science was about going out into the unknown. It was about truly global exploration, even if there were risks." @LittleMsFossil 
"Obituaries are testament to a human life. They're the last chance to talk about somebody's contribution on the world. They were also an example of who society deemed important." @NYTAmy 
"Overlooked" tells the stories of marginalized groups of people who never got an obituary in @nytimes. It's a chance for the newspaper to revisit its 168-year existence and fill in the gaps for people who were, for whatever reason, left out. 
"Film can change the way people perceive issues. An effective storyteller speaks to our emotions, elicits empathy and compassion, and forces us to look at things differently." @SOCFilms 
Need to stop procrastinating? Try this. 
Here are 3 strategies to stop procrastinating — for good: 
Accepting your negative emotions actually makes you happier in the long run. 
Just say "no" to the cult of positivity. 
Polyglots are people who speak several languages fluently. Learn their clever advice for picking up new tongues quickly: 
One reliable, science-backed way to make any baby laugh: 
We're not doing frontline exploratory science in a huge portion of the world — the places governments deem too hostile or disputed. What might we be missing because we're not looking? @LittleMsFossil 
Here are 3 ways that 20-somethings can re-claim adulthood in the defining decade of their lives.

Watch Meg Jay's full TED Talk here:  
The fascinating places scientists aren't exploring:  @LittleMsFossil 
Will the next generation of coaches be computers? 
"The positive part about Twitter and social media in general is that it is a place where you can find connection and a place where you can find community, and you can find those things that are sometimes inaccessible in person." @JonnySun 
"Our online data is more than just a collection of 1s and 0s. It's our lives, our hopes and aspirations." 
Some scientists think it's anthropomorphism to believe that animals experience grief and mourning. But this biological anthropologist doesn't agree. 

Learn how animals mourn their loved ones, from elephants to ducks: 
For when you've deleted every social media app on your phone but it's still not enough. 
Writing a haiku every day can help you discover the hidden joy in your life: 
"I define trust as a confident relationship to the unknown." @rachelbotsman 
"We are in the process of building some sort of god. Now is a good time to make sure it's a god we can live with." 
7 TED Talks to help you reach your goals: 
Someday, solar panels may be light and cheap enough that they could be hung on a clothesline, thanks to a synthetic mineral called perovskite. 
"Writing haikus brought me back to something I hadn’t felt for a long time — the sheer, elemental joy of playing with words." 
How to help kids fall in love with the outdoors: 
The technology we're developing now could change the world as we know it. 
"Be a hummingbird parent. Sit on the periphery. Zoom in only when necessary, which isn’t very often, and zoom back out again.” 
Whether you're looking for a career change or just getting started, learn how to navigate it all. 
Is retirement bad for your health? 
Take a deep breath. Look them in the eye. Tell them how you feel. 
No matter how long you've been together, it never hurts to have a little refresher course on what really matters. 
7 TED Talks to watch if you need help opening up: 
Many people are caregivers for their sick parents, partners or friends, with an unfortunate consequence: They end up suffering too. 
Here's how retirement might impact your brain: 
14 mind-blowing technology breakthroughs: 
Introverts bring extraordinary talents to the world, but they're often overlooked. Writer Susan Cain shares ideas for better offices, schools and relationships built with introverts in mind.  

Listen to #TheTEDInterview for free on @ApplePodcasts:  
Is it better to take one long vacation or a few short ones? Let's check the research: 
Our 2019 summer reading list is finally here! What books are you excited to dive into this summer? 
"To bloom, we must learn not to fear self-doubt but to embrace it as a naturally occurring opportunity for growth and improvement." 
"Honor killings take place in many parts of the world, where men punish women who transgress rules made by them... In the rest of the world, honor killings would be known as murder." @SOCFilms 
"You define your success. There are no accomplishments that will satisfy you and make you feel like you’ve arrived." 
How I'm using film to end honor killings in Pakistan:  @SOCFilms 
This woman turned the world’s worst aquatic plant into something magical:  
"I need to do everything in my power to eradicate racism in my lifetime." 
Thinking about quitting social media? This man has never had a social media account — and shares 3 reasons why you should join him: 
Can you tell if an animal is grieving? These are the signs:  @bjkingape
The honest reasons why people write mean comments online:  @dylanmarron 
Crossword puzzles + magic = @davidkwong 
This ornate 240-page book from the 1400s is one of history's biggest unsolved mysteries. The reason why? No one can figure out what it says. 

"Everything happens for a reason" — and other lies I've loved:  @KatecBowler 
11 things you should know before you start your career: 
11 bits of great work advice, wherever you are in your career: 
What do you wish you knew before you started your career? 
There's nothing wrong with you. We promise. 
Why @NYTObits is writing new obituaries for people forgotten by history:  @NYTAmy
Life-hacker @tferriss reflects on his past struggles and shares what he learned about success and building lasting confidence. Listen on @Spotify:  #TheTEDInterview 
How we're honoring people overlooked by history:  @NYTAmy 
If lying means making more money, what motivates people to tell the truth? 
As if you needed another reason to delete Tinder. 
The magic of Fibonacci numbers: 
The psychological reason you need more plants in your life: 
"I reject the idea of work-life balance. The phrase is a bald-faced lie, designed to hang over the human psyche like the Sword of Damocles." @staceyabrams @PicadorUSA 
This lie-detection technology could someday reveal our hidden emotions. 
"We all want reasons. We want formulas to predict whether our hard work will pay off, whether our love will always make our partners happy and our kids love us. We want to live in a world in which not one ounce of our hard work will be for nothing." 
Why it’s better to be adaptable than smart:  @nataliefratto 
US authorities recovered an illegally looted mummy, and they wanted to return it. Big problem: They didn’t know where it was from. 

Enter @indyfromspace. 
"Acknowledge the gains of freedom that you have today, because some people had to give their lives for you to have it. Don't take this for granted." @Farida_N 
Drugs like LSD, psilocybin and MDMA — when paired with psychotherapy — could change the way we treat PTSD, depression, substance abuse and more. 

Watch @RickDoblin's full TED Talk here:  
@hanhorne1 Better late than never!
Origami robots that reshape and transform themselves:  @robotician 
"Animals can care very deeply for each other, maybe they even love each other. When they do, a survivor's heart can be pierced by a death." @bjkingape 
Why sharing someone else's nude photos without their permission is a horrifying betrayal of privacy: 
This beautiful public art project explores what it means to be American: 
Drugs like LSD, psilocybin and MDMA — when paired with psychotherapy — could change the way we treat PTSD, depression, substance abuse and more. 
When you’re thinking about your next high-stakes situation, ask yourself the same question that actors ask when developing a character: “What’s my end goal?” 
Could psychedelic drugs treat PTSD and depression?  
When you feel your palms sweat and your stomach churn as you’re about to walk into a job interview, that just means that you’re alive. 
You have to perform all the time, from giving toasts at weddings to asking your boss for a raise. Here are 3 tips to help you channel your inner actor: 
Raise your game in the high-pressure moments that matter by thinking like an actor. 
This is how psychedelic-assisted therapy works: 
Psychedelics could reshape how we treat trauma and mental illness. Here's how: 
The future of psychedelic-assisted psychotherapy:  @RickDoblin @MAPS 
"Every single time we choose a plant-based meal, we are contributing to reducing animal suffering." @bjkingape 
Nude photos are not the problem. Nonconsensually sharing or publishing nude photos is the problem. 
A powerful look at what we should learn from #BBQBecky, #PermitPatty, and other viral stories of white people calling the police on black people for just living their lives:  @baratunde #LivingWhileBlack
"Animals don't grieve exactly like we do, but this doesn't mean that their grief isn't real." @bjkingape 
Can you tell if your pet is grieving? These are the signs:  @bjkingape
“Art and politics are the same thing. They’re both forms of advancing humanity.” 
What does it look like when an animal is grieving? Here are some of the signs:
- social withdrawal
- rocking
- irregular eating or sleeping
- depressed posture or vocalization
 
This art project is updating Norman Rockwell’s iconic Four Freedoms paintings:  
These tiny books pack a punch. 
Overwhelmed by your summer reading? Pick up one of these shorties. 
@MmishLoww 
@TheMantissa1 Nope, they're just fantastic *and* short!
These fantastic books are all under 200 pages. 
Grief and love in the animal kingdom:  @bjkingape 
Your vacation is short. So are these books. 
3 ways to measure your adaptability — and how to improve it:  @nataliefratto 
"The most audacious and nation-changing events or policies or even personal choices happen when we ask, 'Why not?' then make bold choices and ensure those bold choices happen." @PresidentBio 
What happens when you have a disease doctors can't diagnose:  @jenbrea 
"Whoever you are, whatever you're going through, in whatever way you might be going through it, just know this: in order to heal it, you have to feel it." @eubanksaustin 

"I believe that leadership is about creating possibilities that everyone, especially the young people, can believe in, own, work to actualize, and which they can actively fight to protect." @PresidentBio 
.@MonicaLewinsky reveals the personal impact of public humiliation and how forgiveness helped her heal. Listen to #TheTEDInterview for free on @ApplePodcasts:  
How to talk to kids about race:  @Forward_Promise
The conversation about nude photos and digital privacy we should have right now: 
"Sierra Leone is bigger than all of us, and Sierra Leone must be a secure, peaceful and just society where every person can thrive and contribute to national development." @PresidentBio 
The frightening relationship between racism, stress and pregnancy:  @miriamzperez
Activist Ruby Sales reflects on her time as a freedom fighter in the civil rights movement and her hopes for the future. 
Why we need to call out casual racism:  @Luvvie 
"How could a disease this common and this devastating have been forgotten by medicine?" @jenbrea 
In March 2018, @MorganTreks and @VanessaTreks hiked the path that Harriet Tubman took to freedom nearly 170 years ago. Here are some lessons from their long walk. 
The manipulative tricks tech companies use to keep your attention:  @tristanharris
How to build a company where the best ideas win:  @RayDalio 
The ignored struggle of chronic fatigue syndrome:  @jenbrea 
3 moments humanity teetered on the edge -- and how we survived:  @indyfromspace
Here’s how you can discover history’s hidden artifacts -- without leaving home: 
"Where do you feel useful to this world? Because the answer to that question is where you will find your voice and your freedom." @ashweethashetty 
How online abuse of women has spiraled out of control:  @AshleyJudd 
Practical strategies to help you find more time for what matters most:  @lvanderkam
The next step in nanotechnology:  @gtulevski
How to gain control of your free time:  @lvanderkam
"Believe her. Believe her." @AshleyJudd 
How to find the hidden hours in your day:  @lvanderkam
"You may think it is ignorant to speak broken English, but even articulate Americans sound foolish to the British." 
You will never look at bank tellers the same way again.  @davidautor
Retirement could lead to a decline in your cognitive function, according to new research. 
Are you terrible at small talk? This radio host has some advice: 
How the story you tell about yourself affects your life: 
"Every time a women has sex simply because it feels good, it is revolutionary. She is revolutionary." 
Mystified by love? We're here to help: 
"As long as there is breath in your body, it's never too late to change your story." 
"When we curb abuse, we will expand freedom." — Ashley Judd 
Stop looking at your ex's Instagram. Seriously, stop. 
Is retirement bad for your health? 
How to raise gutsy girls:  @carowriter
"The best time to work on your marriage is before you have one." 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
You only wish you could procrastinate as well as this guy. 
"It's simple: it's your body, and you decide what's best to do with it." 
"People have sex for many reasons, some because they want a baby, but most of us have sex because it feels good." 
This powerful talk by Bryan Stevenson got the longest standing ovation in TED's history: 
This is the difference between having depression and just feeling depressed: 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
This could be the secret to a truly satisfying night's sleep. @DanGartenberg 
"Freedom is not an ocean you want to swim in, it's a river you want to get across, so you can commit and plant yourself on the other side." @nytdavidbrooks 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
"Soccer is the only thing on this planet that we can all agree to do together." @bamuthi #fifawwc 
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
The factors in childhood that predict success later in life: 
Is it better to take one long vacation or a few short ones? Let's check the research: 
"The hardest part of my cancer experience began once the cancer was gone."

Watch @suleikajaouad's TED Talk on the myth of the divide between "sick" and "well":  
Brilliant, simple advice on how to get your passion back: 
Here's how retirement might impact your brain: 
The President of Sierra Leone shares his vision for its future:  @PresidentBio 
.@MonicaLewinsky reveals the very personal impact of public humiliation and how forgiveness helped her heal. Listen to #TheTEDInterview on Spotify or your favorite podcast platform:  
"With augmented reality, we the people have the power to highlight the narratives of the oppressed when institutions refuse to do so." @mvrsandshakers 
Attention fellow word nerds: "Daily haiku-ing fired up my creativity, sweetened my days, brought me closer to others, and more," says TED Ideas Editor Daryl Chen. 
These shockingly lifelike digital avatars look just like you and can be controlled by your motions: 
Your mom was right. You need to stand up straight. 
Space traffic is our next wicked environmental problem:   @moribajah 
This is why anxious dogs love to sit on their owner's feet: 
Get back to your art. We believe in you. 
Sit up straight! 
"True awe is timeless, limitless and without division. It suggests there is a unifying whole to which we all belong — if only we could hold onto that awareness." 
This is why dogs yawn when they're anxious: 
"Be a hummingbird parent. Sit on the periphery. Zoom in only when necessary, which isn’t very often, and zoom back out again.” 
This is so cool! Thanks for sharing your favorites, Aaron! 
"Experiments have revealed that after just a few moments of awe, some people behave with increased altruism, cooperation and self-sacrifice." 
This is the big difference between a human's brain and a dog's brain: 
This app places AR monuments that celebrate overlooked heroes all over NYC:  @mvrsandshakers
3 steps to help your kids fall in love with nature: 
How do dogs feel about their owners? This is what emotions look like in a dog's brain: 
One or two days a week is probably the ideal amount of time to work from home. 
Do you know how to communicate with your dog? Here's how to read your pup's body language: 
@javinlozano Hey Javier! We have a new tool called TED Recommends to find you the perfect TED Talk to watch next :)  
True, people who work from home may not be wearing pants. But they are more productive, report higher job satisfaction, and save their companies money on office space.  

TIRED: Helicopter parents.
WIRED: Hummingbird parents. 
How to help kids fall in love with the outdoors: 
How augmented reality is changing activism:  @mvrsandshakers 
"The outpouring of grief about the murder of rapper and entrepreneur Nipsey Hussle is largely due to the fact that he decided to stay and evolve in place, rather than leave his hood." @GhettoGastro 
How to overcome apathy and find your power:   @DoloresHuerta 
"My mom got a lot of her beliefs from social media, from Facebook and from organizations that were allowing their platforms to push lies that were very dangerous." @j_lindenberger 

The inside story of one teen's quest to get vaccinated: 
“Democracy is one of the most faith-fueled human activities there is. Democracy works only when enough of us believe democracy works. It is at once a gamble and a miracle.” @ericpliu 
"To be online at any given point is to feel so much sadness and anger and violence. It can feel like the end of the world." @JonnySun 
The story we tell about millennials — and who we leave out:  @rnz1
From New York to Bangkok, cities all over the world are sinking because of global warming. This landscape architect is helping design cities that stand up to the rising tides:  
What if we could harness the sticking powers of sea creatures like mussels, oysters and barnacles, which refuse to budge even on wet, stormy coastlines? From metal to bones, nature has a glue for that: 
"We don't edit who we are when we do our thing." @GhettoGastro 
"There's something important about sharing your imperfections and your insecurities and your vulnerabilities with other people." @JonnySun 
"There's this confessional nature to social media. It can feel like you are writing in this personal, intimate diary that's completely private, yet at the same time you want everyone in the world to read it." @JonnySun 
"The positive part about Twitter and social media in general is that it is a place where you can find connection and a place where you can find community, and you can find those things that are sometimes inaccessible in person." @JonnySun 
"When someone shares that they feel alone, it actually makes me feel less alone, not by getting rid of any of my loneliness but by showing me that I am not alone in feeling lonely." @JonnySun 
"We don't realize the constant degree of noise pollution we're exposed to and how much we could profit from more quiet spaces." 
"A lot of people think that it is a big, scary thing to be online if you're not already perfectly and fully formed. But I think the internet can be actually a great place to not know." @JonnySun 
"If I could have dinner with anyone, dead or alive, I would. I am very lonely." @JonnySun 
"We have to live simply, so that others can simply live." 
The case for cliteracy: 
Learn how @GhettoGastro is bringing the Bronx to the world in Jon Gray's new TED Talk:  
Civility isn’t censorship or political correctness. Here’s why it matters: 
We're getting closer to ending HIV for good. 
This is how light and melatonin actually impact your sleep: 
Almost 150 million people worldwide are born intersex — with biology that doesn't fit the standard definition of male or female. Let’s finally break the silence.  @emilord
How light impacts your sleep, your focus, and your health: 
Want to be healthier? Start by seeking out a quieter life. 
The story of a parent's transition and a son's redemption:  @paulaswilliams2 @the_jonathanw #PrideNYC 
Our 2019 summer reading list is finally here! What books are you excited to dive into this summer? 
Do yourself a favor and let go of some of your misconceptions about casual sex. 
"I harnessed all of my insecurities and self-doubt and let it flow through the words that came out of my mouth. I was cheeky. I was loud. I was angry. And for this, I was perfect." — @Maisie_Williams on auditioning for #GameofThrones 
Myth 1: Women are biologically less interested in casual sex.
Myth 2: Monogamous sex is better and safer, and monogamous people have better relationships.
Myth 3: Sex is immoral and dangerous.

Here's what the research actually says:

Traffic, construction, your neighbor’s lawnmower and other loud noises can have a surprising impact on your health. Here’s how to get a little more quiet in your life: 
"The clitoris is not a button, it is an iceberg." Everything you never knew about the clitoris: 

What is it about love that pulls certain people to each other? 5 TED speakers examine how we love and the mystery of connection in this episode of the @TEDRadioHour. 
Can we still save the ocean? Dive into the fascinating, horrifying and hopeful story of the ocean on the latest episode of #TheTEDInterview. 

Listen on @Spotify:  
"At @GhettoGastro, we don't run from the word 'ghetto,' and we don't run from the ghetto. Because at the end of the day, Ghetto Gastro is about showing you what we already know: the hood is good."

Watch Jon Gray's full TED Talk here:  
"What is @GhettoGastro? It's a movement and a philosophy. We view the work we do as gastro-diplomacy, using food and finesse to open borders and connect culture." 

Watch Jon Gray's full TED Talk here:  
The next big thing is coming from the Bronx, again:  @GhettoGastro 
"Self-loathing left a void, and celebration needs to fill and overflow it."

Watch @Andrew_Solomon's full TED Talk on why we still need #Pride:  #Stonewall50 #WorldPride 
"Being cured is not where the work of healing ends. It's where it begins." @suleikajaouad 
"My identity is not my obstacle. My identity is my superpower." @AmericaFerrera 
"Who we see thriving in the world teaches us how to see ourselves, how to think about our own value, how to dream about our futures." @AmericaFerrera 
"Just because things look more equal than they did in the 20th century, doesn't mean that things are equitable at all." @rnz1 
"Acute physical pain ends relatively quick; complex emotional pain does not." @eubanksaustin 

Astonishing footage of the camouflaging abilities of cephalopods, which can change their skin color and texture in a flash:  
"Addiction is the only disease where we commonly wait until it's at the highest levels of acuity before we try to do something about it. And by then, it's often too late. We have to start sooner." @eubanksaustin 

A pediatric nurse shares her experiences helping parents cope with unexpected complications during pregnancy. 

Listen to the latest episode of Sincerely, X here:  
Next time you’re frazzled and need a motivational pep talk, give one to yourself in the second or third person. This can help you look at the situation from a logical, objective perspective rather than an emotional, biased one.

"When I see someone share their vulnerabilities, it makes me feel allowed to be more vulnerable." 

Watch @jonnysun's new TED Talk about finding your community here:  
The internet isn't perfect, but it can be a beautiful place to discover who you are and that you're not alone.

Watch @jonnysun's full TED Talk here:  
You are not alone in your loneliness:  @jonnysun 
"In these dangerous and unsure times, in the midst of it all, I think the thing that we have to hold on to is other people."

Watch @jonnysun's full TED Talk about vulnerability and finding your community here:  
"To bloom, we must learn not to fear self-doubt but to embrace it as a naturally occurring opportunity for growth and improvement." 
Meet the queer Mr. Rogers for the next generation of kids: 
"How can a retired engineer become a meme? It's a strange story with some interesting twists." 

Meet the man behind the "Hide-the-pain Harold" meme. Just trust us, you want to. 
"There's something mysterious and gorgeous just about the way a poem looks. The empty space is as important as the words themselves." @kuokuomich 
What almost dying taught me about living:  @suleikajaouad 
"Hide-the-pain Harold is a role. It's not really me, it's given to me by the internet people." 
A pediatric nurse shares what she wishes parents knew about the heart-wrenching challenges of having a premature baby. 

Listen to the latest episode of #SincerelyX here:  
"You can be held hostage by the worst thing that's ever happened to you and allow it to hijack your remaining days, or you can find a way forward." @suleikajaouad 
What it's like to be on a jury that gives someone the death penalty: 
.@j_lindenberger never got vaccinated as a kid. So one day, he went on Reddit and asked a simple question: "Where do I go to get vaccinated?"

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
One day you're a retired engineer in Hungary. The next, you're a viral internet sensation. 
Three things to never say when you ask someone for help:

"I'm so, so sorry that I have to ask you for this." 
"I really hate bothering you with this." 
"If I had any way of doing this without your help, I would." 
How to ask for help — and get a "yes":  @heidigrantphd 
"How many of you have written a letter to somebody you feel you have let down?" @kuokuomich 
Octopus, squid and cuttlefish — collectively known as cephalopods — have strange, massive, distributed brains. What do they do with all that neural power? 
Learn about the smart skin of octopuses, squid and cuttlefish:  
TED is looking for remarkable individuals from all disciplines – technology, art, science, humanities, film, music and beyond to join our next class of TED Fellows. 

Applications are open now through August 27:  
"I am just one of millions of people who have been told that in order to fulfill my dreams, in order to contribute my talents to the world I have to resist the truth of who I am." @AmericaFerrera 
As a queer teen in Kansas, @Snacpack struggled to feel safe and valued in the world. But then she found @ThatKevinSmith's rom-com Chasing Amy and saw herself represented on screen for the first time. #ChasingChasingAmy #Pride 
"When marginalized people talk about the need for representation in media, we're not being hyperbolic. Seeing yourself on screen endows you with the feeling of existing in the world." @Snacpack #ChasingChasingAmy #Pride 
One great way to celebrate #Pride is to help document LGBTQ history. Here's how:  #StonewallOutLoud
"My mom was misinformed and misled by sources that convinced her that if she was a loving parent, she wouldn't vaccinate." @j_lindenberger 
"This is one of those rare times when it's incredibly productive to freak the hell out."

Watch @Rob_Reid's full TED Talk about the danger of synthetic biology here:  
Why we need to fight misinformation about vaccines:  @j_lindenberger 
.@j_lindenberger's parents fell victim to anti-vaccine misinformation and never vaccinated him as a child. When he asked Reddit how he could get vaccinated at age 18, his story went viral. 
Watch the first TED Talk by a digital human: 
@haolechild We'll be your friend, Jessica!! We have a new TED Talk Recommendation tool!  
"Tattoos can give us new abilities that we don't currently possess. By upgrading the particles, we can engineer tattooing so that it will change not only the appearance of our skin, but also the function of our skin." 
Getting people to do what you want them to do requires telling these 3 stories: 
Tattoos aren't just beautiful — they could also give you superpowers. 
"Writing haikus brought me back to something I hadn’t felt for a long time — the sheer, elemental joy of playing with words." 
I wrote a haiku every day for a week — here’s what I learned:  
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
This unbelievable new technology brings us one step closer to personal devices that we can control with our minds: 
How AI could become an extension of your mind: 
How we can break out of boys-are-blue and girls-are-pink stereotypes when raising our kids: 
Reflect on the last meeting you were in: Who spoke? Who took up the majority of the airtime? Who was checking their messages when a certain person was talking, and then started paying attention when someone else was talking? 
Why kids need to learn about gender and sexuality:  @lindzamer @queerkidstuff 
Many people are caregivers for their sick parents, partners or friends, with an unfortunate consequence: They end up suffering too. 
Watch this TED Talk if you feel overwhelmed by the universe:  #MondayMotivation @kaysarahsera 
Why good bosses never give advice: 
How to run a meeting that doesn't suck:  #MondayMotivation
"You'd never trust your surgery to the man on the street. You'd want an expert who spent years doing surgery and knows the best techniques. That should apply to every major decision. Politics, business, health advice require expertise." 
Why fewer people are choosing to be parents — even when they want to have kids:  @WajahatAli
Caregivers: Make a list of dependable relatives, friends, colleagues or other people whom you can call on to help you talk through challenging decisions or experiences, lend a hand with day-to-day tasks, or simply listen as you vent. 
Ask yourself, “Where does it hurt?” and “What’s the worst part of it?”  
Reddit. Google. Airbnb. What makes a great (or terrible) startup name: 
Grilling this weekend? This is the future of plant-based and cell-based meat:  
The ancient building techniques behind Stonehenge and Easter Island: 
"You don’t need to work for an organization that saves lives to find meaning and purpose in what you do." 
25 TED Talks that will change how you see the world: 
4 TED Talks to help you stop being such a perfectionist: 
8 TED Talks to watch when you feel like a misfit: 
17 helpful TED Talks for new parents: 
How to get over the end of a relationship: 
How do you "move on" after your life takes a sudden turn? 3 TED speakers share how they moved forward in the face of grief, illness, and unexpected circumstances. @TEDRadioHour  
Being a caregiver can lead to mood swings, exhaustion and irritability, as well as feelings of anxiety and emptiness. Family members caring for a loved one with dementia report high rates of depression. 

Here are 6 ways caregivers can fight burnout: 
8 TED Talks to watch when you need to calm down: 
Big news. Stop what you're doing and watch Sarah Kay's new TED Talk. 
We're still working on our annual summer reading list for 2019, but you can read our 88 must-read books from last year's list while you wait. 
“Your partner should have your back. Their words should build you up, not break you down. They should make you feel more confident, not less.” @Join1Love 
What’s the most satisfying job in the world? You’d be surprised. 
The architectural secrets of the world's ancient wonders:  
"The universe has already written the poem you were planning on writing." —  Kaveh Akbar

Watch @kaysarahsera's full TED Talk about the poems surrounding us:  
Good news, it's a new poem from @kaysarahsera! This is "A Bird Made of Birds":  
@Shark_ManDan Break a leg! 
"It's my job to listen to what the universe is showing me and to keep myself open to what the universe offers, so that when it's my turn, I can hold something to the light, just for a moment, just for as long as I have." @kaysarahsera 
Bad news. E-cigs and vapes are basically the Trojan horses of nicotine: 
Knowing more than one language keeps your brain healthy, complex and actively engaged. 
“Abusive relationships don't start out abusive. They start out exciting and exhilarating. There's an intensity of affection and emotion, a rush. It feels really good.” @Join1Love 
We call kids who step outside gender lines “brave.” But if we adults want to support them, we need to show some courage and embrace some discomfort. 
How synthetic biology could annihilate the human race:  @Rob_Reid
"This is no time to remain calm. This is one of those rare times when it's incredibly productive to freak the hell out." @Rob_Reid 
"Being cured is not where the work of healing ends. It's where it begins." @suleikajaouad 
The living tech we need to support human life on other planets:  
Strange dreams visited @Nnedi while she was confined for months to a hospital bed. She used these experiences in her strange, fantastical stories to cope — and is now an acclaimed sci-fi author. 
"It is far more radical and dangerous to have hope than to live hemmed in by fear." @suleikajaouad 
Why people cheat even when they're happy in their relationship:  @EstherPerel 
"For me, the hardest part of my cancer experience began once the cancer was gone." @suleikajaouad 
"My theory of social change is that society changes when a small group of people find a better way to live, and the rest of us copy them." @nytdavidbrooks 
"You can be held hostage by the worst thing that's ever happened to you and allow it to hijack your remaining days, or you can find a way forward." @suleikajaouad 
"Staring your mortality straight in the eye has a way of simplifying things, of rerouting your focus to what really matters." @suleikajaouad 
"I felt greater than myself. I felt myself become greater." @Nnedi 
What does the future of technology hold for our jobs and the economy? MIT's Andrew McAfee shares the terrifying and exciting answer on this episode of #TheTEDInterview. 

Listen for free on @ApplePodcasts:  
"When you go through a traumatic experience, people treat you differently. They start telling you how much of an inspiration you are. They say you're a warrior." @suleikajaouad 
"This is more than a memory passed down orally, better than any autobiography. It was a local knowledge penned by a formerly enslaved man’s full grasp of a belief in God, in his humanity and in the justice of being newly free." #Juneteenth 
@alewp 
What almost dying taught me about living:  @suleikajaouad 
A letter from a former slave, shared with us by his great-great-granddaughter in honor of #Juneteenth: 
Wishing a very happy birthday to the one and only @kaysarahsera, TED speaker extraordinaire and the host of our podcast #SincerelyX! 

Watch her first TED Talk from 2011 here, and stay tuned for more soon:  
How to support a kid who breaks out of gender norms: 
The deeply strange anatomy of the hyena:  
How playgrounds create small worlds of joy:  @TEDx @stefenchow
Three-toed sloths poop once a week, take a month to digest a single leaf and fart through their mouths. 
Watch @EstherPerel's TED Talk if you've ever been cheated on — or if you have been unfaithful yourself:  
Y'all, it's time to talk about sloths. 
"To be racially literate, to understand who we are so that we can heal together, we cannot neglect the heart or the mind." @choose_org #TellMeWhoYouAre 
These biological marvels are way weirder than you think. 
If your manager has an answer for every question you ask, they're setting you up to fail. Here's how: 
"Victims of discrimination are not looking for saviors. They're looking for individuals who will support them as they get up and do the best they can to save themselves." @MonicaRamirezDC 
Why good bosses never give advice: 
In the US, the same blood test can cost $19 at one clinic and $522 at another clinic just blocks away — and nobody knows the difference until they get a bill weeks later. @chcosts is making that data public.

Watch Jeanne Pinder's TED Talk here:  
“I believe that in the darkness, even there, there will be beauty, and there will be love. And every now and then, it will feel like more than enough.” @KatecBowler 
How synthetic biology could wipe out humanity — and how we can stop it:  @Rob_Reid 
Why are straight women having less satisfying sex than men? Let's talk about the orgasm gap. 
This is why some people are more resilient than others: 
How to stop waking up in a panic every morning: 
Advances in protein design could lead to a universal flu vaccine, one shot of which would give you a lifetime of protection against the flu. @UWproteindesign 
Want to wow your boss during your next presentation? Learn how to make incredible slides: 
Watch this if you've ever wondered, "Why is this happening to me? Aren't I a good person?" 
Here's how to master the art of office diplomacy, even with people you don't like: 
"We all want reasons. We want formulas to predict whether our hard work will pay off, whether our love will always make our partners happy and our kids love us. We want to live in a world in which not one ounce of our hard work will be for nothing." 
Stop arranging your entire life around what you think is wrong with you. 
It's time to start believing in yourself. 
Having a mentor can make a huge difference in your career — but first you have to find one. Here's how: 
Want a mentor? Learn how to meet someone who can make a difference in your career: 
Is your passion still making you happy? Don't be afraid to leave behind what no longer fits you.

Listen to #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, season two streaming now:  #MondayMotivation 
"When a couple comes to me in the aftermath of an affair that has been revealed, I will often tell them this... Your first marriage is over. Would you like to create a second one together?" 

Watch @EstherPerel's full TED Talk here:  
5 challenges we could solve by designing new proteins:  @UWproteindesign 
Want to make great slides for your presentation?

1. Keep your slides simple and succinct.
2. Choose your colors and fonts with care.
3. Avoid visual clichés.
4. Don’t get bogged down by charts and graphs.
5. Don’t be afraid of blank slides.
6. Practice!

Artist @daniellismore lives his life as a work of art. His clothes are constructed out of materials ranging from beer cans and plastic crystals to diamonds, royal silks and 2,000-year-old Roman rings. 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
In his searing TED Talk about corporate immorality, @hamdiulukaya calls for the end of business leadership motivated only by profit. 
"My theory of social change is that society changes when a small group of people find a better way to live, and the rest of us copy them." @nytdavidbrooks 
These weird, slow microbes may actually have the answers to some of the greatest mysteries of life on earth. @archaearama 
"I am art. I have lived as art my entire adult life. Living as art is how I became myself." @daniellismore  
"Joy is not the expansion of self, it's the dissolving of self. It's the moment when the skin barrier disappears between a mother and her child. It's the moment where you're so lost in your work or a cause, you have totally self-forgotten." @nytdavidbrooks 
"When we see someone different from us, they should not reflect our fears, our anxieties, our insecurities, the prejudices we've been taught, our biases — we should see ourselves. We should see our common humanity." @MichaelDTubbs 
"This is the difference between return on investment and return on kindness. This is the difference between profit and true wealth." @hamdiulukaya 
The story of Marvel's first queer Latina superhero:  @QuirkyRican #PrideMonth 
In a century when most developed nations will see populations decline, Canada will continue to grow. Here's why: 
Take a look at the cutting-edge flood resilience infrastructure coming to New York City:  @BIGstertweets
"We used to find out after the extrajudicial police killings. Now, we're getting video of people calling 911. We're moving upstream, closer to the problem and closer to the solution." @baratunde #LivingWhileBlack 
"True belonging only happens when we present our authentic, imperfect selves to the world." @BreneBrown 
"Something is structurally wrong when people working two and three jobs, doing all the jobs no one in here wants to do, can't pay for necessities, like rent, like lights, like health care, like childcare." @MichaelDTubbs 
"True belonging only happens when we present our authentic, imperfect selves to the world." @BreneBrown 
Want to wow your boss during your next presentation? Learn how to make incredible slides: 
"It's a lot of hard work, not being yourself."

Artist @daniellismore lives as a walking masterpiece. Watch his TED Talk here:  
The next time you feel yourself getting angry, don't try to turn it off. Listen to what your anger is telling you. @rycmart 
"With the endless and well-publicized stories of billionaire college dropouts, we romanticize entrepreneurship. But before you step into the cage of chaos monkeys, ask yourself and some people you trust about your personality and skills." @profgalloway 
"With the endless and well-publicized stories of billionaire college dropouts, we romanticize entrepreneurship. But before you step into the cage of chaos monkeys, ask yourself and some people you trust about your personality and skills." @profgalloway 
"When you have one of those bad moments in life, you can either be broken, or you can be broken open." @nytdavidbrooks 
These scent playlists could boost your health and well-being: 
What if you could curate a soundtrack of smells to take you through your day? 
"Who are you? How many versions of you are there? And I have one final question: Are you using them all to your advantage?" @daniellismore 
Mayor @MichaelDTubbs is one of the youngest Mayors in the U.S., and he's shaking things up in his hometown of Stockton, California.

This is his simple but brilliant vision for helping people thrive. Watch his full TED Talk here:  
This is the moment when you find your purpose in life: 
Mayor @MichaelDTubbs of Stockton, California asks an important question: What are we prepared to do today to create a better, more equal future? 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
The political power of being a good neighbor:  @MichaelDTubbs 
Anger is a powerful and healthy force in your life. @rycmart 
Want to make amazing slides for your next presentation? Banish those phony stock photos. You know which ones we're talking about.  
Every hyena clan is a matriarchy ruled by an alpha female. In the clan’s strict power structure, dominance passes down the alpha female’s line to her cubs. 
Every hyena clan is a matriarchy ruled by an alpha female. In the clan’s strict power structure, dominance passes down the alpha female’s line to her cubs. 
4 key pieces of feedback that children wish they could give their parents: 
6 dos and don’ts for next-level slides, from a TED presentation expert: 
Too many leaders simply don’t know how to lead. 
Introverts bring extraordinary talents to the world, but they're often overlooked. Writer Susan Cain shares ideas for better offices, schools and relationships built with introverts in mind.  

Listen to #TheTEDInterview for free on @ApplePodcasts:  
4 key pieces of feedback that children wish they could give their parents: 
Watch @priyaparker's new TED Talk about how to host a truly transformative gathering:  #TheArtofGathering 
Canada's attitude towards refugees and immigrants has set it apart — and other countries should take note if they want to thrive. 
“How does life change when you choose to be unapologetically yourself?”

Artist @daniellismore lives as a walking masterpiece, inspiring others to find the confidence to be who they truly are. 

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
Too many leaders simply don’t know how to lead. 
My life as a work of art:  @daniellismore 
This magnificent art is absolutely gigantic.  
"Anger is a powerful and healthy force in your life. It's good that you feel it. You need to feel it." @rycmart 
Unlock a new you. 
This is why some people are more resilient than others: 
How your voice betrays your emotions: 
"I was a really anxious kid growing up. I couldn't sleep. I would stare into the darkness and I just kept thinking about everything. My brain was like a radio that someone had left on all night." @sczanella 
14 TED Talks to help you be your best self: 
"I made a choice today to reveal a part of myself that I have hidden for too long. I hope that this means I will never hide again." #PrideMonth 

In this unmissable TED Talk, Morgana Bailey comes out as a lesbian to an audience of her co-workers: 
How do you keep going after failure? In the moments when you ask yourself, "Why am I doing this?" think about this: 
What happens when a black man visits the whitest towns in the US? @IamRichBenjamin shares his funny, raw stories: 
Millennials are not a monolith. They're the largest and most diverse adult population in the United States. @rnz1 
"Structural racism is baked into America’s national psyche and behavior." @IamRichBenjamin 
Cremation uses the natural gas equivalent of a 500-mile car trip. Here's a better option:  @TheGoodDeath
How can you change a crushing defeat into a stepping stone? TED speakers share how they turned moments of failure into something greater in this episode of the @TEDRadioHour. 
"Freedom is not an ocean you want to swim in, it's a river you want to get across, so you can commit and plant yourself on the other side." @nytdavidbrooks 
The relationship between the Earth and the Moon is unlike anything else in our solar system. This groundbreaking theory explains what makes it so special: 
"Human connection is as threatened by unhealthy peace as by unhealthy conflict." @priyaparker 
.@AmandaPalmer opens up about facing criticism and sharing deeply personal truths through her music. 

Learn more about one of the most unique voices in music on this episode of #TheTEDInterview. Listen on @Spotify:  
From fake meat to courageous teens, is there anything that can save us from the worst of climate change? 

Greta Thunberg and other brilliant minds dive into the battle for our planet in this episode of the @TEDRadioHour. 
"Gatherings, at their best, allow us to be among others, to be seen for who we are, and to see." @priyaparker 
"Identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most and then build your house right on top of it." @GilbertLiz 
How do you authentically bring people together? Resist the urge to pretend we’re all the same.

Watch @priyaparker's TED Talk about the art of gathering here:  
3 steps to turn everyday get-togethers into transformative gatherings:  @priyaparker 
Is genius something we are, or something that comes to us?

Watch @GilbertLiz's full TED Talk about harnessing your creativity here:  
"Perfection is the death of all good things." @GilbertLiz 
Ask your meeting attendees: "What’s going well in our meetings? What could be done better? Do you have any specific ideas to improve them?" 
Why are straight women having less satisfying sex than men? Let's talk about the orgasm gap. 
7 books that shaped @GilbertLiz as a writer:  
Breaking eye contact is everything. 
We don't need fewer meetings. We need better meetings. 
Watch this if you've ever wondered, "Why is this happening to me? Aren't I a good person?" 
The top 14 characteristics of "creepy" people, according to psychological research: 
"Your home is whatever in this world you love more than you love yourself." @GilbertLiz  
Share this with your boss who runs terrible meetings. 
11 TED Talks to watch if you're doubting yourself: 
The mysterious microbes living deep inside the earth — and how they could help humanity:  @archaearama 
How a country can have racism without racists:  @IamRichBenjamin
"In recovery, we often say, you keep what you have by giving it away. Find the courage to lean into the pain, and you can be a force in helping others." @eubanksaustin 

Can you tell when a headline on a health discovery is exaggerated? Play this game to find out. 
"Joy is not the expansion of self, it's the dissolving of self. It's the moment when the skin barrier disappears between a mother and her child. It's the moment where you're so lost in your work or a cause, you have totally self-forgotten." @nytdavidbrooks 
We know we should plan for the future, but why is it so hard to actually do it? 

5 TED speakers show us how to start preparing for the future, today. 
.@thejunaverse is on a mission to map every large galaxy in the observable universe by 2060. 
"Opioids are profoundly more effective at relieving the symptoms of emotional pain than they are at relieving the symptoms of physical pain." @eubanksaustin 

Thinking about quitting social media? This man has never had a social media account — and shares 3 reasons why you should join him: 
Fascinating perspectives on the LGBTQ experience, from Kenya to Australia:   #PrideMonth
What LGBTQ life is like around the world:   #PrideMonth
“Anything I thought was good or special about me could not save me — my hard work, my personality, my humor, my perspective. I had to face the fact that my life is built with paper walls, and so is everyone else’s.” @KatecBowler 
How a country can have racism without racists:  @RichBenjaminUSA
Why everyone should be guaranteed a basic income:  @rcbregman
Light pollution isn't just annoying — it's dangerous. 
Stop saying you're sorry, unless you're actually apologizing for doing something wrong. 

(Or unless you're Canadian. We don't want to risk the ire of Canadians.) 
Want to build your confidence? Here are the three things you need: 
“I believe that in the darkness, even there, there will be beauty, and there will be love. And every now and then, it will feel like more than enough.” @KatecBowler 
This ornate 240-page book from the 1400s is one of history's biggest unsolved mysteries. The reason why? No one can figure out what it says. 

According to research, the "creepiest" professions are clown, taxidermist, sex-shop owner and funeral director. 
"We know that in life there are befores and afters. I am asked all the time to say that I would never go back, or that I've gained so much in perspective. And I tell them no, before was better." @KatecBowler 
There's one tiny plastic that ocean experts want to ban even more than straws. #WorldOceansDay 
This one weird trick will help you spot clickbait: 
Happy #PrideMonth, everyone! 
This ingenious plan would increase the amount of protected areas in all of the world's oceans by 15 percent. #WorldOceansDay 
This ambitious plan would buy out the national debt of coastal nations — and invest that money in saving our oceans. Here's how it works:  #WorldOceansDay @MarkTercek @nature_org
"We all want reasons. We want formulas to predict whether our hard work will pay off, whether our love will always make our partners happy and our kids love us. We want to live in a world in which not one ounce of our hard work will be for nothing." 
Learn how to avoid being misled by grabby headlines: 
Are deception and secrecy always wrong? 

In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, hear stories of going undercover to explore dangerous territory for the greater good. 
Watch this if you've ever wondered, "Why is this happening to me? Aren't I a good person?" 
Why are straight women having less satisfying sex than men? Let's talk about the orgasm gap. 
An ingenious proposal for scaling up marine protection:  #WorldOceansDay @MarkTercek @nature_org 
The most detailed map of galaxies, black holes and stars ever made:  @thejunaverse 
This is how dogs went from aggressive wolves to humanity's first domesticated pets: 
"Poverty is not divine necessity. It's human creation. Ending poverty is possible." @liztheo @RevDrBarber 
These fish are.... we don't even know what's happening here. 
Parents, stop trying to raise happy kids:

This is how your childhood impacts your DNA: 
"When you have one of those bad moments in life, you can either be broken, or you can be broken open." @nytdavidbrooks 
Breaking eye contact is everything. 
The healing power of reading:  @kuokuomich 
How to stop waking up in a panic every morning: 
“'Why' questions trap us in our past; 'what' questions help us create a better future."  
Do your Venmo payments make you look petty? 
The delightful science of baby laughter: 
These incredible disappearing creatures use their unique brains to make over 100 camouflaging decisions in a two-hour forage. 

Watch Roger Hanlon's full TED Talk here:  
You may have more control over aging than you think. 
The top 14 characteristics of "creepy" people, according to psychological research: 
11 TED Talks to watch if you're doubting yourself: 
One form of romantic self-sabotage is choosing partners that are just plain wrong for you. 
Here's how to master the art of office diplomacy, even with people you don't like: 
"Suffering's great power is that it's an interruption of life. It reminds you that you're not the person you thought you were." @nytdavidbrooks 
How will artificial intelligence change your life? Technologist @kaifulee talks about what it really means for the future of work and the high-stakes battle between the West and China over AI. 

Find #TheTEDInterview on @Spotify or wherever you listen:  
@TheSineadBurke This is so cool!!
5 TED Talks every new graduate should watch: 
What if your brain's bias put someone else in danger? Learn what happened after a woman escaped being killed by her own family in this week's episode of Sincerely, X.  

🔐 Unlock the latest episode on Luminary with our special 3-month trial:  
Opening up helps you build healthier, stronger relationships with others — and yourself. These TED Talks can help you do it: 
Do you know how to recognize unhealthy love? 

Watch @KatieHHood's full TED Talk here:  @Join1Love 
The lies our culture tells us about what matters — and a better way to live:  @nytdavidbrooks 
The best way to get a baby to laugh? Research confirms.... it's peekaboo. 
Stop arranging your entire life around what you think is wrong with you. 
"Dictators feed on propaganda. They like giving the impression that they are the saviors, and without them, the country will fall apart. And they are always fighting some foreign forces." @Farida_N 
The world is lying to you about your body. Teach your mind to see things differently: 
How to encourage kids to think critically from an early age: 
The three things you need to make a marriage work, and how to spot them while you're dating: 
Learn how to read faster without missing a detail. 
If you frequently forget people's names even though they told you minutes ago, this is for you: 
These are instant red flags: 
A reminder to tell your friends why you love them. 
Fill in the chart to see what's in the way of your happiness:

1. What are you doing that you want to do?
2. What are you not doing that you want to do?
3. What are you doing that you don’t want to do?
4. What are you not doing that you don’t want to do?

 
"I get terrified when I have a chatty taxi driver, hairdresser or plumber. I get terrified in most conversations. I'm terrified of checking my email, and I'm absolutely petrified about talking on the telephone. I don't get stage fright, I get life fright." 
Here's how to outsmart your mental blocks and actually get things done: 
Squids are freaky, y'all. 

Watch Roger Hanlon's full TED Talk about the camouflaging abilities of cephalopods here:  
"Sleep is not like the bank. You can't accumulate a debt and then hope to pay it off at a later point in time." @sleepdiplomat 
"Everything happens for a reason" — and other lies I've loved:  @KatecBowler 
This is what's going on in your brain when you feel a "spark" with someone: 
"Whenever people ask me why trans people are suddenly everywhere, I just want to tell them that we've been here. "

This #PrideMonth, learn about the long and beautiful history of the transgender community. Watch @nourypublic's full TED Talk here:  
How to talk about mental health without discrimination and stigma: 
Feeling stuck? Here's how to outwit the mental blocks holding you back: 
You've probably taken aspirin or ibuprofen for everyday aches and pains, but do you know how these pain relievers actually work? 
These tips can help you make sure you’re eating because you’re hungry, and not just because you’re bored. 
Answer these 10 questions to find out how much perfectionism is holding you back. 
The brain science behind why teenagers make questionable life decisions: 
9 hard-to-kill plants that you should adopt to brighten up your desk: 
Your thinking patterns impact how you see yourself. Here's how to work through some of the ones that don't serve you. 
"I used to think I would know myself to be mature when I could simply be gay without emphasis. But self-loathing left a void, and celebration needs to fill and overflow it."

Watch @Andrew_Solomon's full TED Talk on why we still need #PrideMonth:  
"My identity is not my obstacle. My identity is my superpower." @AmericaFerrera 
Floating cities, the LEGO House and other architectural forms of the future:  @BIGstertweets
"Stories of black millennials, brown millennials and all millennials of color really need to be told, and they also need to be listened to." @rnz1 
Current treatments for depression and PTSD only suppress symptoms, if they work at all. What if we could prevent these diseases from developing altogether? @RebeccaBrachman 
"Change will come when each of us has the courage to question our own fundamental values and beliefs." @AmericaFerrera 
"My advice would be to slow down. Take the time to figure out something you are really passionate about." @sundarpichai, CEO of @Google 
The case for curiosity-driven research:  @suziesheehy 
Can we cure genetic diseases by rewriting DNA?  @davidrliu
The story we tell about millennials — and who we leave out:  @rnz1
Where is it?! Inside an octopus’s quest for disappearance:  
When technology can read minds, how will we protect our privacy?  @NitaFarahany 
Here's our challenge for you. As much as you are able, take a step back from the apps and notifications that distract you from what matters. 
We were heartbroken to learn that restaurateur and civil rights advocate Leah Chase passed away yesterday. In her TED Talk, she shared her wisdom from a lifetime of activism, speaking up and cooking. 
"Just because things look more equal than they did in the 20th century, doesn't mean that things are equitable at all." @rnz1 
"Breathe slowly, don't try to blink, don't be self-conscious. Be relaxed." 
Skeptics are everywhere. This is what you can learn from their constant questions: 
The stereotypes you might miss when you read sports news: 
These TED Talks will help you process your burnout. 
Slowing down is an art. This is how you master it: 
Seriously, use your vacation days.

Take a load off and relax with these soothing TED Talks. 
Strengthening your skepticism muscles will teach you a lot about the world. 
Everything you need to know to let that person go for good. 
Speed reading is a superpower that you can turn on and off. Learn how to strengthen it: 
The secrets to a truly restorative vacation:  
3 techniques to speed up your reading: 
We all doubt ourselves sometimes. Here’s a reminder that you’re enough. 
If you yawned while reading this tweet, congratulations! Your mirror neurons are working. 
4 books to read if you’re fascinated by the inner lives of well-known people — and 74 other great reads: 
Don't let self-doubt hold you back. These TED Talks can help you see yourself in a new light. 
How to be a better news consumer:
1. Stop reading incomplete breaking news reports.
2. Turn to experts &amp; trustworthy journalists for analysis, not trending Twitter hashtags.
3. Read arguments against your political position to deepen your understanding.

Is it better to take one long vacation or a few short ones? Let's check the research: 
Instead of having an answer to every question, the most effective leaders are coaches — people who can guide others to arrive at their own solutions. 
"The skills that get someone elevated to a top job may have little to do with their ability to guide and inspire others." 
Hyenas’ big brains enable them to recall each member’s voice and status, ensuring they have the political savvy to recognize friend from foe and negotiate their strict social hierarchy. 
Hyenas are the underrated feminist icons of the animal kingdom. 
"I've realized that discovery is mostly a process of finding things that don't work, and failure is inevitable when you're pushing the limits of knowledge." 
Too many leaders simply don’t know how to lead. 
There is not just one sex talk parents need to have with their kids. 
Every hyena clan is a matriarchy ruled by an alpha female. In the clan’s strict power structure, dominance passes down the alpha female’s line to her cubs. 
How to get over the end of a relationship: 
How do good leaders give advice? They don't. 
What it takes to launch a telescope:  @ErikaHamden 
How do you live a more meaningful life? 

@nytdavidbrooks explores what life has taught him about the value of community and connection in this episode of #TheTEDInterview. Listen on @Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts:  
Chill out today with this haunting @anebrun performance: 
"Confidence is a revolutionary choice, and it would be our greatest shame to see our best ideas go unrealized and our brightest dreams go unreached all because we lacked the engine of confidence." @MsPackyetti

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
A small-town preacher with a radical secret — he doesn't believe in Hell. 

🔐 Unlock the latest episode of #SincerelyX for free on @hearluminary with our special 3-month trial:  
"Today's business book says: business exists to maximize profit for the shareholders. I think that's the dumbest idea I've ever heard in my life." @hamdiulukaya 
"We don't realize the constant degree of noise pollution we're exposed to and how much we could profit from more quiet spaces." 
The deeply strange anatomy of the hyena:  
Here's what we should learn from #BBQBecky, #PermitPatty, and other viral stories of white people calling the police on black people for just #LivingWhileBlack. 

Watch @baratunde's full TED Talk here:  
A powerful look at what we should learn from #BBQBecky, #PermitPatty, and other viral stories of white people calling the police on black people for just living their lives:  @baratunde #LivingWhileBlack
“Isolation creeps in when your new boyfriend or girlfriend starts pulling you away from your friends and family, your support system, and tethering you more tightly to them.” @Join1Love 
How to deconstruct racism, one headline at a time:  @baratunde #LivingWhileBlack 
How would you prefer to spend the last years of your life: in a sterile, hospital-like institution or in a village with a supermarket, pub, theater and park within easy walking distance? 
A small-town preacher with a radical secret — he doesn't believe in Hell. 

🔐 Unlock the latest episode of #SincerelyX for free on @hearluminary with our special 3-month trial:  
"Addiction is the only disease where we commonly wait until it's at the highest levels of acuity before we try to do something about it. And by then, it's often too late. We have to start sooner." @eubanksaustin 

This is why diversity — in its many forms — is so important within the tech industry: 
The most important thing you can do to fight climate change: talk about it.   @KHayhoe 
“Democracy is one of the most faith-fueled human activities there is. Democracy works only when enough of us believe democracy works. It is at once a gamble and a miracle.” @ericpliu 
"Instead of looking for hope, look for action. Then, and only then, hope will come. We can't save the world by playing by the rules, because the rules have to be changed. Everything needs to change, and it has to start today." @GretaThunberg 
This tiny computer can turn any object — like your favorite jacket — into a smart device: 
Why fewer people are choosing to be parents — even when they want to have kids:  @WajahatAli
"Who we see thriving in the world teaches us how to see ourselves, how to think about our own value, how to dream about our futures." @AmericaFerrera 
"Confidence is the difference between being inspired and actually getting started, between trying and doing until it's done. Confidence helps us keep going even when we failed." @MsPackyetti 
"Whoever you are, whatever you're going through, in whatever way you might be going through it, just know this: in order to heal it, you have to feel it." @eubanksaustin 

Applications are open until May 29 for the #TED2020 Ideas Search. If you or someone you know has an idea to share on the TED stage, this could be your chance!  Visit  to apply. 
"Acute physical pain ends relatively quick; complex emotional pain does not." @eubanksaustin 

"I wanted to play people who were complex and multidimensional, people who existed in the center of their own lives. Not cardboard cutouts that stood in the background of someone else's." @AmericaFerrera 
"This is the difference between return on investment and return on kindness. This is the difference between profit and true wealth." @hamdiulukaya 
"CEOs have their employees suffer for them. But yet, the CEOs's pay goes up and up and up. And so many people are left behind. I'm here to tell you: no more. It's not right, it's never been right." @hamdiulukaya 
These soft robots could revolutionize everything: 
"You'd never trust your surgery to the man on the street. You'd want an expert who spent years doing surgery and knows the best techniques. That should apply to every major decision. Politics, business, health advice require expertise." 
"Where did we come from? How did the universe come into being? Are we alone in the universe? What is the future of the human race?"

Stephen Hawking on some of the biggest questions of our time: 
"Wouldn't it be great if, every once in a while, we did mathematics simply because it was fun or beautiful?" 
"Hidden mathematical truths permeate our whole physical world." — Cédric Villani 
"Embrace your many passions. Follow your curiosity down those rabbit holes." — @emiliewapnick 
The microbes on your skin are almost as unique as your fingerprints. Here's what they say about you: 
"I am just one of millions of people who have been told that in order to fulfill my dreams, in order to contribute my talents to the world I have to resist the truth of who I am." @AmericaFerrera 
"There is really mathematical evidence to say that you should never let the sun go down on your anger." 
Ask yourself, “Where does it hurt?” and “What’s the worst part of it?”  
Have you lost someone you love? Are you supporting a friend in mourning? Here's the messy truth about grief:  @noraborealis
We know you're not going to give up your phone entirely. Here's how you can realistically cut down on screen time. 
Push a piece of buttered toast off the table. Do it for science. 
"Mathematics allows us to go beyond the intuition and explore territories which do not fit within our grasp." 
This is what happens when you click on an ad online: 
For once it actually is rocket science. 
This is how your brain influences your understanding of what you think you know:  @DrShepherd2013
Meritocracy is a myth. This is the real key to getting ahead at work: 
How to stand up tall, no matter what has you down: 
Shoutout to everyone who freaks out when it's time to calculate the tip! 
Whether it’s with a partner, family member, friend, boss or colleague, ending a relationship is hard. But even harder can be what comes afterward. 
Hexagons! And other reasons to love math:  
Do you know the difference between facts, data and evidence?

These TED Talks are perfect for kiddos excited about science and technology: 
The impact of algorithms on everything from architecture to online dating: 
3 kinds of bias that shape your worldview:  @DrShepherd2013 
This is how pain relievers work: 
Research suggests that even working 40 hours a week is too much. 
What makes someone an alpha male? It turns out we're way off base. 
It's so much worse than we think it is. 
The price of being single: 
Viruses have a bad reputation — but some of them could one day save your life. 
5 TED Talks every new graduate should watch: 
Want to be a good person? Let go of the concept of "good."  
Great advice for avoiding conflict if politics comes up at the dinner table. @julia_dhar 
If you want to be a good person, start by allowing yourself to make mistakes. 
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
5 excuses we use to not work out, and how to change your thinking. 
Grilling this weekend? This is the future of plant-based and cell-based meat:  
Knowing more than one language keeps your brain healthy, complex and actively engaged. 
“There’s very good evidence that shows when you confront people with a ton of facts that contradict their worldview, it actually causes them to hold their existing beliefs more strongly.”  
We are saddened to hear that legendary physicist and Nobel Prize winner Murray Gell-Mann has passed away. In this talk, he shares the beauty of life, the universe, and of course, physics. 
We all doubt ourselves sometimes. Here’s a reminder that you’re enough. 
Want to be a good friend? Erase this sentence from your vocabulary:  
Wanting to be a "good person" is making us bad people. Here's how:  
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
Here's why your body prefers to poop at home: 
Next time one of these 5 excuses crosses your mind, you'll have the antidote. 
5 TED Talks every recent graduate should watch: 
“Healthy emotion has a vitality curve. It emerges, you feel it, you express it, and then you’re done.” 
How clever marketing has hidden the dark science of vaping: 
Play this game to see how good you are at detecting misleading science headlines. 
"My identity is not my obstacle. My identity is my superpower. Because the truth is, I am what the world looks like. You are what the world looks like." @AmericaFerrera

Watch America's full TED Talk about the need for more authentic representation here:  
My identity is a superpower — not an obstacle:  @AmericaFerrera 
.@AmandaPalmer opens up about how she connects with her fans through her music.
 
Learn more about one of the most unique voices in music on this week's episode of #TheTEDInterview. Listen on @Stitcher:  
"Whoever you are, whatever you're going through, in whatever way you might be going through it, just know this: in order to heal it, you have to feel it." @eubanksaustin 
We were heartbroken to learn that Columbine survivor and addiction recovery expert Austin Eubanks passed away this weekend. In his moving @TEDx Talk, he discussed the role emotional pain plays in the opioid epidemic. Rest in peace, Austin.

"Confidence is the necessary spark before everything that follows." @MsPackyetti 
New research is investigating how a family's income changes a child's cognitive and emotional development: 
Watch the first TED Talk by a digital human: 
"Plant-based and cell-based meat gives consumers everything that they love about meat — the taste, the texture and so on — but with no need for antibiotics and with a fraction of the adverse impact on the climate." 
Wearable tech could change the lives of people with epilepsy. Here’s how it works: 
"When you get accurate, judgment-free information from your peers, you realize that sex ed doesn't have to be scary." 
These plant- and cell-based products could soon transform the global meat industry — and your dinner plate. 
This is for the students, coworkers and regular people who are often overlooked because we are seen as neither exceptional nor problematic. 
Want to be healthier? Start by seeking out a quieter life. 
In the US, the very same blood test can cost $19 at one clinic and $522 at another clinic just blocks away — and nobody knows the difference until they get a bill weeks later. This journalist is making that data public: 
"This is the difference between profit and true wealth." — @hamdiulukaya 

Learn how @Chobani's founder and CEO is rewriting the business leader playbook. Watch his full TED Talk here:  
This is the new anti-CEO playbook, from @Chobani's @hamdiulukaya:  
This is one of those tech demos you have to see to believe. 
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
Why storytelling is the ultimate weapon of the powerful: 
"I harnessed all of my insecurities and self-doubt and let it flow through the words that came out of my mouth. I was cheeky. I was loud. I was angry. And for this, I was perfect." — @Maisie_Williams on auditioning for #GameofThrones 
Why talent carries you farther than fame:  #GameofThrones @Maisie_Williams
Everything you think you know about the science of virginity is nonsense.

Watch Nina Dølvik Brochmann and Ellen Støkken Dahl's full TED Talk here:  
This is what you're actually inhaling when you vape (hint: it's definitely not water vapor): 
Y'all, it's time to talk about sloths. 
How dogs bring joy and calm to hospitals — especially for kids: 
Three-toed sloths poop once a week, take a month to digest a single leaf and fart through their mouths. 
Everything you need to know about taking care of your desk plant: 
This is the moment when you find your purpose in life: 
The psychological reason you need more plants in your life: 
This is the magic behind the incredible stage sculptures created for Beyoncé, Adele, U2 and more by legendary artist Es Devlin.

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
How to show up as your most confident self:  @MsPackyetti 
A young woman in an ultra-orthodox community finds a way to covertly sneak in mental health resources. 

Tune in for free on @hearluminary with this special 3-month trial for TED fans:  
"Confidence is the difference between being inspired and actually getting started, between trying and doing until it's done. Confidence helps us keep going even when we failed." @MsPackyetti 
This citizen-driven club leverages the skills of regular people to solve some of the most challenging cold cases in North America. 
"We reward confidence in some people and we punish confidence in others... For some of us, confidence is a revolutionary choice." @MsPackyetti 
9 hard-to-kill plants that you should adopt to brighten up your desk: 
An organizational psychologist answers your burning questions about whether or not to date your co-workers: 
"Confidence is the necessary spark before everything that follows." @MsPackyetti 
“Regarding relationships of all categories (platonic, romantic, professional, etc.): Don’t let someone take up your emotional real estate if they aren’t paying rent.” 
How to build your confidence — and spark it in others:  @MsPackyetti 
“It's important in the early days of a new relationship to pay attention to how you're feeling. Are you comfortable with the pace of intimacy? Do you feel like you have space and room to breathe?” @Join1Love 
“The opposite of addiction is not sobriety. The opposite of addiction is connection."

Watch @johannhari101's full TED Talk here:  
“Healthy love includes independence, two people who love spending time together but who stay connected to the people and activities they cared about before.” @Join1Love 
"I have learned to pay genuine respect and put our energy into places that can serve us and give us joy." @donttrythis 
For whoever needs to hear this today: Stop entering relationships that you know are doomed! 
"Obsession is the gravity of making. It moves things, binds them together, and gives them structure." @donttrythis 
“The truth is, unhealthy relationships and abuse are all around us. Abuse sneaks up on us disguised in unhealthy love.” @Join1Love 
“Your partner should have your back. Their words should build you up, not break you down. They should make you feel more confident, not less.” @Join1Love 
"Your ideas can come from anywhere. Being attuned to those pings of interest is the duty of a creator." @donttrythis 
Great advice that every twenty-something needs to hear. 

Watch Meg Jay's full TED Talk here:  
5 warning signs of an unhealthy relationship: 
“Relationship skills are one of the most important and hard to build things in life. While love is an instinct and an emotion, the ability to love better is a skill we can all build and improve on over time.” @Join1Love 
Kids get feedback all the time; parents should get some, too. 
4 key pieces of feedback that children wish they could give their parents: 
What an unhealthy relationship looks like: 
5 differences between healthy and unhealthy love: 
Figuring out your answer to “Why you?” can help you speak authentically and build your confidence. 
"Every single one of us is trying to make sense of the world: Our place in it and how everything fits together." @donttrythis 
One form of romantic self-sabotage is choosing partners that are just plain wrong for you. 
Children could definitely give the adults in their lives some lessons in parenting. Here are a few: 
"Sleep is not an optional lifestyle luxury. Sleep is a nonnegotiable biological necessity."

Watch @sleepdiplomat's full TED Talk here:  
“Love will never be easy, but without self-sabotage, it is a lot more reachable.” 
If you keep choosing romantic partners who are wrong for you, you're probably self-sabotaging. 
In this episode of Sincerely X, a DNA test kit reveals an unsettling truth about a daughter's birth father. 

Listen for free on @hearluminary with our special 3-month trial:  
“While love is an instinct and an emotion, the ability to love better is a skill we can all build and improve on over time.” @Join1Love 
These are five signs of unhealthy relationships that we often miss, according to @Join1Love:

1. Intensity
2. Isolation
3. Extreme jealousy
4. Belittling
5. Volatility


"If you need any more proof I'm neurodivergent, yes, I am calm doing a thing that scares the hell out of most people. I'm almost dead inside up here." @Hannahgadsby on stand-up comedy and getting diagnosed with autism 
In an astonishing demo, Doug Roble debuts "DigiDoug": a real-time, 3-D, digital rendering of his likeness that's accurate down to the scale of pores and wrinkles. 
Before you risk it all and launch your own company, here’s a quick guide to gauge whether you should go for it, from @profgalloway. 
No sequoia on record has been able to grow taller than 130 meters. So what exactly is stopping these trees from growing taller, forever? 
"With the endless and well-publicized stories of billionaire college dropouts, we romanticize entrepreneurship. But before you step into the cage of chaos monkeys, ask yourself and some people you trust about your personality and skills." @profgalloway 
How clever marketing has hidden the dark science of vaping: 
Why teens love vapes — and why they’re dangerous for them: 
Who's liable if a passenger is injured on the first spacecraft to take tourists off-planet? 
Can you stop the blob from destroying the planet? 
Bad news. E-cigs and vapes are basically the Trojan horses of nicotine: 
@Inc @BillMurphyJr This is fascinating, thanks Bill!
In this episode of Sincerely X, a DNA test kit reveals an unsettling truth about a daughter's birth father. 

Listen for free on @hearluminary with our special 3-month trial:  
Kicking off the new season of #TheTEDInterview with @TEDChris, @BillGates talks Facebook, climate change and how we should tax the wealthy. 

Listen on @Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts:  
What parents and teenagers should know about vaping and e-cigarettes: 
It's an important question. Here's the answer. 
Give this riddle your best shot. 
@kimm_or Thank you for pointing out the dead link to us, Akim!
@LiatNadel thank you for catching that! here's the correct link: 
This could be your chance to give a TED Talk! If you or someone you know has an idea that the world needs to hear, apply to our worldwide hunt for ideas. 

Applications are open until May 29th for the TED2020 Idea Search.  
This is what you're actually inhaling when you vape (hint: it's definitely not water vapor): 
"As abortion is hotly debated, it's still rare for us, whether as fellow women or even just as fellow people, to talk with one another about the abortions that we have." 
A better way to talk about abortion:  @ExhaleProVoice
"Tattoos can give us new abilities that we don't currently possess. By upgrading the particles, we can engineer tattooing so that it will change not only the appearance of our skin, but also the function of our skin." 
This is how self-driving cars see the road: 
"No matter how separated we are by what we think and believe, we are part of the same spiritual story." @BreneBrown 
Tattoos aren't just beautiful — they could also give you superpowers. 
"True belonging only happens when we present our authentic, imperfect selves to the world." @BreneBrown 
.@BreneBrown's advice on how to feel like you truly belong:  
5 TED Talks for new graduates: 
25 bits of advice for new graduates on how to live a good life: 
“Surround yourself with people who help you be the best versions of yourself. Avoid those who don’t. And get enough sleep.” — Lisa Feldman Barrett 
"We can't practice compassion with other people if we can't treat ourselves kindly." 
These high-tech tattoos can deliver real-time information about your health: 
"Don’t let someone take up your emotional real estate if they aren’t paying rent.” — Sarah Kay 
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
“If you don’t know what you want to do with the rest of your life, you’re not a failure. Give yourself time and get yourself experience to figure things out.” — Angela Duckworth 
@samsedulib Proud of you, Sam.
"Babies have always represented humanity's best, boldest, most beautiful infinite possibilities." @WajahatAli 
"The United States is the most expensive country in the world to give birth. If you do not have insurance, it will cost you 32,000 dollars to have a baby, if everything goes perfectly." @WajahatAli 
One or two days a week is probably the ideal amount of time to work from home. 
Think twice the next time you say someone is "nice." 
These TED Talks will make you enjoy math, possibly for the first time ever. 
"When we choose vengeance, we're actually signing a blood oath to chain our story to our enemies for the rest of time. Forgiveness is the only real path to freedom." 
"If trends continue, China's population is actually going to peak in 2029, before entering 'unstoppable decline.'" @WajahatAli 
"It seems in order to invest in our future, we actually have to invest in the present and help people who want to become parents. Give them affordable health care, give them affordable childcare, give them paid parental leave." @WajahatAli 
You use your brain's executive function every day — it's how you do things like pay attention, plan ahead and control impulses. Can you improve it to change for the better? 
These shockingly lifelike digital avatars look just like you and can be controlled by your motions: 
"The link between lack of sleep and cancer is now so strong that the World Health Organization has classified any form of nighttime shift work as a probable carcinogen." @sleepdiplomat 
“What’s more important is not whether you have negative thoughts or emotions but whether you get hooked into them." 
If your brain is a mess of work and life to-do's, these straightforward steps can help you focus. #MondayMotivation

"Telling the truth should not be a revolutionary act." 

Watch @Luvvie's full TED Talk here:  #MondayMotivation 
These intimate photographs explore what it’s like to be a mother in prison: 
"I’d fantasized about this moment so many times. In Malawi, I used to write my name in dust on trucks, hoping my mother would see my loopy cursive and realize that I was alive." 
"Whatever it is, we believe it's a natural object, but we can't actually prove that it's not something artificial. The color, the strange shape, the tumbling motion could all have other explanations." 
A mother and son’s photographic journey through dementia:  
A mother and son united by love and art:  @drdebwillis @hankwthomas 
Can we cure genetic diseases by rewriting DNA?  @davidrliu
In a story of scientific discovery, chemical biologist @davidrliu shares a breakthrough: his lab's development of base editors that can rewrite DNA. 
"Motherhood, like all complex experiences, is a mix of both positive and negative. Loving your child doesn’t change the fact that sometimes the work of caretaking is not fun." @alexandra_sacks 
How my mom inspired my approach to the cello:  @blackcellist 
"Most new mothers believe that other moms are 'doing it better.' When you see another mother and feel subpar, please know that chaos in early motherhood is universal. You just can’t see it from the outside." @alexandra_sacks 
In this new episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers on how to ignite and rekindle creativity: 
"The shorter your sleep, the shorter your life. Short sleep predicts all-cause mortality." @sleepdiplomat 
Introducing the first living organisms created with six-letter DNA — the four natural letters plus two new man-made ones, X and Y. 
This simple invention to prevent stampedes could save thousands of lives. Here's how it works:  @1geek0
These horrifying stories from new mothers will change how you think about family leave: 
"If you finish a day and think 'What have I accomplished?' remember you’ve accomplished a lot if you kept your baby alive, fed and clean-ish." @alexandra_sacks 
"No matter how much you love your baby, there may be times when you feel like her servant." @alexandra_sacks 
"The link between lack of sleep and cancer is now so strong that the World Health Organization has classified any form of nighttime shift work as a probable carcinogen." @sleepdiplomat 
"23% of new working mothers in America will be back on the job within two weeks of giving birth." 
"Sleep is not an optional lifestyle luxury. Sleep is a nonnegotiable biological necessity." @sleepdiplomat 
Disappointed with democracy? Try automating politicians. 
Being a new mother is hard. Let's talk about it: 
It's so much worse than we think it is. 
How AI can enhance your memory, work and social life: 
6 curious kids interview their moms about life and love: 
"It's a pretty terrible situation when you're coming to a service that, ideally, you want to learn something about the world, and you spend the majority of your time reporting abuse, receiving abuse, receiving harassment." @jack 
This is one of those TED Talks that you need to see to believe. 
Your hatred of treadmills is totally justified. They were created to punish English prisoners in the1800s. 
"Social democracies give free higher education to everybody, and cheap student loans, and grants. That enables more people to use their talents and earn money." 
"In the spring, when we lose one hour of sleep, we see a subsequent 24% increase in heart attacks that following day. In the autumn, when we gain an hour of sleep, we see a 21% reduction in heart attacks." @sleepdiplomat 
"Sleep is not like the bank. You can't accumulate a debt and then hope to pay it off at a later point in time." @sleepdiplomat 
"It is now time for us to reclaim our right to a full night of sleep, and without embarrassment or that unfortunate stigma of laziness." @sleepdiplomat 
The ambivalence of new motherhood — and how to let go of shame:  @alexandra_sacks
Want to sleep better? Aim for a room temperature of around 65 degrees Fahrenheit or 18 degrees Celsius. @sleepdiplomat 
"Disruption of deep sleep is an underappreciated factor contributing to cognitive decline or memory decline in aging, and most recently we've discovered, in Alzheimer's disease." @sleepdiplomat 
"The shorter your sleep, the shorter your life. Short sleep predicts all-cause mortality." @sleepdiplomat 
You aren’t getting enough sleep — and it’s killing you. Here's how:  @sleepdiplomat 
This is what makes a company successful, according to Chobani CEO @hamdiulukaya. 
All the motivation you need to tackle that to-do list waiting for you at home this weekend. 
Research shows that helping others makes us happier. But there's a catch: it matters how we help. @DunnHappyLab 
"We have evolved to find joy in helping others. Let's stop thinking about giving as just this moral obligation and start thinking of it as a source of pleasure." @DunnHappyLab 
Why fewer people are choosing to be parents — even when they want to have kids:  @WajahatAli 
@WajahatAli We love you, Wajahat. ❤️
"Scandinavia is a better place to fulfill the American dream than America itself." 
Stop aiming for perfection. 
"There's something very freeing about finding out you have a mental health issue. There's nothing wrong with me! There's just something wrong with me. Maybe I can do something about that." 
"When somebody's anxiety is high-functioning, that means that they work in society. In fact, we have such a heightened sense of worry and such a fear of failure that we are often very high-achieving and perfectionist." 
"Diagnosis gave me a framework on which to hang bits of me I could never understand. My misfit suddenly had a fit." @Hannahgadsby  
"Democratic hope requires faith not in a strongman or a charismatic savior but in each other." @ericpliu 
"What truly makes us free is being bound to others in mutual aid and obligation, having to work things out the best we can in our neighborhoods and towns, as if our fates were entwined — because they are." @ericpliu 
"If you need any more proof I'm neurodivergent, yes, I am calm doing a thing that scares the hell out of most people. I'm almost dead inside up here." @Hannahgadsby on stand-up comedy and getting diagnosed with autism 
“Democracy is one of the most faith-fueled human activities there is. Democracy works only when enough of us believe democracy works. It is at once a gamble and a miracle.” @ericpliu 
The new model of leadership is about more than who is in power: 
Some valuable parenting lessons from children: 
"I wrote a comedy show that did not respect the punchline, that line where comedians are expected and trusted to pull their punches and turn them into tickles. I did not stop. I punched through that line into the metaphorical guts of my audience." 
"Optimism is for spectators. Hope implies agency. It says I have a hand in the outcome." @ericpliu 
"Market liberalism tells us we are masters beholden to none, but then it enslaves us in the awful isolation of consumerism and status anxiety." @ericpliu 
Having a mentor can make a huge difference in your career — but first you have to find one. Here's how: 
Want a mentor? Learn how to meet someone who can make a difference in your career: 
If you’ve been pretending to understand how the stock market works, we’ve got answers for you: 
How to grow your own glacier: 
5 traits that will make people want to be your mentor: 
Feeling stuck? Here's how to outwit the mental blocks holding you back: 
How to find the person who can help you get ahead at work:  @carlaannharris 
How to revive your belief in democracy:  @ericpliu 
Linus Torvalds, the creator of Linux and Git, opens up about the personality traits that made him successful in this rare interview: 
We’ll tell you what TED Talk to watch based on your personality: 
How to become a more hopeful person:  
We entrust teachers with the world’s most important job: educating our kids. So why don't we pay them more?   #TeacherAppreciationDay
"Every child deserves a champion, an adult who will never give up on them. Is this job tough? You betcha. But it is not impossible. We're educators. We're born to make a difference." #TeacherAppreciationDay 

Watch Rita Pierson's full TED Talk here:  
Dive into the secret lives of people just like you with new episodes of our podcast Sincerely X, hosted by @kaysarahsera. Listen for free on @hearluminary with our special 3-month trial:  
This tiny computer can turn any object — like your favorite jacket — into a smart device: 
"Most of the black ink that we use conventionally is produced by burning fossil fuels in factories."

This inventor is working on a way to create ink from air pollution instead. Here's how: 
Forget hard drives and the cloud, here’s how we can store computer files in DNA: 
Do you want to give a TED Talk? If you or someone you know has an idea the world needs to hear, this could be your chance!

Applications are open until May 29th for the #TED2020 Idea Search, a worldwide hunt for future TED speakers.  
Who should get to keep secrets, and who can demand to know them? In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 5 speakers dive into the complicated world of secrets. 
This comic became Marvel's best-selling digital comic of all time. Here's how:  @GWillowWilson
For years, Danish politician is Özlem Cekic was flooded with hate mail and online abuse. Here's what happened when she invited the people who harassed her to coffee: 
We're celebrating 10 years of the TED Fellows program, which provides transformational support to a global network of 470+ visionaries. Here are 10 of their amazing ideas! @TEDFellow 
10 TED Talks to help you get along with your coworkers: 
We usually get wiser with age, but that doesn’t mean we have to grow up to wise up. This episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers explore what it means to find wisdom at every stage of life. 
How the story of an unlikely hero cut through our cynical view of the future and became a best-seller. 
In this exciting tech demo, @ipoupyrev lays out his vision for a physical world that's more deeply connected to the internet:  
Are you grieving, or are you not sure how to support someone you love as they mourn? Read our newest TED Book, “The Hot Young Widows Club” by @noraborealis, a wise and relatable guide for anyone going through a challenging time:  
"A grieving person is going to laugh again and smile again. Yes, they're going to move forward. But that doesn't mean that they've moved on." 

Watch @noraborealis's full TED Talk here:  
Not all entrepreneurs are twenty-something app developers. @paulietaz 
American Sign Language is an enchanting visual language. Here's how it works: 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
"I harnessed all of my insecurities and self-doubt and let it flow through the words that came out of my mouth. I was cheeky. I was loud. I was angry. And for this, I was perfect." — @Maisie_Williams on auditioning for #GameofThrones 
These are the Sustainable Development Goals we've made progress on — and the ones we haven't:  @shepleygreen 
"There was a library in San Francisco that did an amnesty day last year, and they welcomed back 5,000 users who had been blocked. That same day, they received more than 700,000 items that were overdue. Among them was one book that was 100 years overdue." 
Learn how age diversity makes companies stronger: 
Why talent carries you farther than fame:  #GameofThrones @Maisie_Williams
It's possible to build safe wooden structures up to 30 stories tall: 
The arts contribute a massive amount to the economy. So why is it nearly impossible to make a living as an artist? 
A simple way to connect artists with the funding they need: 
What happens online has offline consequences. 
You may not know her, but you know her work. From Beyoncé to Kanye, Adele and U2, Es Devlin explains how she’s created some of the most stunning and memorable concert experiences. 
A librarian's case against overdue book fines:  
"A human being can never be broken. Technology is broken. Technology is inadequate." 
How Ms. Marvel became the Spiderman of a new generation: 
3 ways to stop overlooking the best person for the job:  @JasonShen
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who argue with you. 
Here’s how to work on accepting something that is “good enough.” 
What boomers can learn from millennials at work — other than how to download a PDF. 
Civility is incredibly important, but we're talking about it wrong. 
From 2000 to 2010, 5.7 million manufacturing jobs were lost. But they weren't lost for the reasons you might think. 
Some libraries are getting rid of late fees and the impact is amazing. 
Here's what baby boomers can learn from millennials at work — other than how to use the office printer: 
3 tips on how to argue — and find common ground — from a debate champion: 
Here's how to outsmart your mental blocks and actually get things done: 
Want to speak up more at work? Here's how to do it without infuriating your coworkers: 
Calls for civility are actually a way to silence dissent. 
"Search engines are brilliant at giving you an answer, but a wise, sage guide can offer you just the right question." 
Learn how to argue — and disagree politely — from a debate champion: 
“Success is not just having a mentor tell you or show you what to do. It’s a two-way relationship.” 
The three things you need to make a marriage work, and how to spot them while you're dating: 
3 ways to build a happy marriage and avoid divorce:  
5 ways to get the most out of having a mentor: 
Helping others makes us happier — but it matters how we do it. @DunnHappyLab 
These women fighting for justice and equality deserve center stage. 
Hear wisdom and advice from business titans: 
@svershbow Confirmed!
16 big-picture TED Talks to help you understand global politics: 
These TED Talks are Evolution 101. 
Before you give a speech or presentation, ask yourself this question:  @AllisonShapira
10 TED Talks by iconic business moguls:  
13 TED Talks that are just.. really cool. Trust us on this one.  
"I get terrified when I have a chatty taxi driver, hairdresser or plumber. I get terrified in most conversations. I'm terrified of checking my email, and I'm absolutely petrified about talking on the telephone. I don't get stage fright, I get life fright." 
These brilliant women are fighting for a better world for everyone. 
9 unmissable TED Talks by revolutionary women:  
It might not be where you think. 
Stop aiming for perfection. 
"There's something very freeing about finding out you have a mental health issue. There's nothing wrong with me! There's just something wrong with me. Maybe I can do something about that." 
"When somebody's anxiety is high-functioning, that means that they work in society. In fact, we have such a heightened sense of worry and such a fear of failure that we are often very high-achieving and perfectionist." 
4 short TED Talks to help you let go of your perfectionism: 
"Scandinavia is a better place to fulfill the American dream than America itself." 
Research shows that helping others makes us happier. But there's a catch: it matters how we help. @DunnHappyLab 
"We have evolved to find joy in helping others. Let's stop thinking about giving as just this moral obligation and start thinking of it as a source of pleasure." @DunnHappyLab 
"Because of free education, there are more self-made men in Scandinavia than in the US." 
"When we choose vengeance, we're actually signing a blood oath to chain our story to our enemies for the rest of time. Forgiveness is the only real path to freedom." 
"Play doesn't just grow our armies stronger or spark better ideas. In times of painful injustice, play brings the levity we need to be able to breathe. When we play, we live." 
"Immediately after something happens, contemporaneously record what happened. Do this before talking to anyone else about it."

This is the evidence survivors of sexual assault and harassment should gather, according to a memory scientist: 
3 questions to ask yourself about everything you do:  @staceyabrams 
"Social democracies give free higher education to everybody, and cheap student loans, and grants. That enables more people to use their talents and earn money." 
"How do you forgive effectively, once and for all?" 
Answer these 10 questions to find out how much perfectionism is holding you back. 
"I'd like to encourage all of you to go out and help push the boundaries of science, even if it may at first seem as mysterious to you as a black hole." — Katie Bouman  
"I reject the idea of work-life balance. The phrase is a bald-faced lie, designed to hang over the human psyche like the Sword of Damocles." @staceyabrams @PicadorUSA 
"Grief is kind of one of those things, like falling in love or having a baby or watching "The Wire" on HBO, where you don't get it until you get it, until you do it." @noraborealis 
"People want work that matters, they want flexibility, they want support, they want appreciation, they want better coffee. But none of these things are tied to a generation." 
"A grieving person is going to laugh again and smile again. If they're lucky, they'll even find love again. Yes, absolutely, they're going to move forward. But that doesn't mean that they've moved on." @noraborealis 
This is why your muscles get fatigued. 
Here's what to say the next time someone asks you how old you are. 
"Grief doesn't happen in this vacuum, it happens alongside of and mixed in with all of these other emotions." @noraborealis 
How I broke comedy:  @Hannahgadsby 
The surprising connection between brain injuries and crime:  
We have a very important question. What is a butt tuba, and why is it in a ton of medieval art? 
How to encourage kids to think critically from an early age: 
Here’s how to help new co-workers feel like part of the team: 
“With every new member, your team’s DNA changes. Every time, you must adapt your chemistry and culture ever so slightly to allow your team — and the larger organization — to adjust.” 
“There’s something about a movement’s spirit when you transcend fear — you become a part of something larger than fear.” @TEDRadioHour 
“We need to give students an opportunity to grapple with questions that don’t necessarily have one correct answer. This is more realistic of the types of situations that they’re likely to face when they get outside the classroom.” 
"About 38 percent of abusive tweets are now proactively identified by machine learning algorithms so that people don't actually have to report them." @jack 
Once you’ve cleared the space, take photos of it so you can compare “before” and “after” images. It’s a big morale booster to see visual proof of what you’ve accomplished. 
Do the artist's plans and motivations affect the meaning of a work of art, or is it completely up to the viewer? 
"We can't build a business that is successful unless we have a diversity of perspective inside of our walls that actually feel these issues every single day." @jack 
Inside the world’s best nursing home for people with dementia: 
Discover the art that made a million people pour onto the streets of London: 
Sorry!! 
"I reject the idea of work-life balance. The phrase is a bald-faced lie, designed to hang over the human psyche like the Sword of Damocles." @staceyabrams @PicadorUSA 
Current treatments for depression and PTSD only suppress symptoms, if they work at all. What if we could prevent these diseases from developing altogether? @RebeccaBrachman 
In the early 1990s, a scandal rocked evolutionary biology: scientists discovered that songbirds — once thought to be strictly monogamous — engaged in what's politely called "extra-pair copulation." @DNLee5 #TED2019  
Why I turned Chicago's abandoned homes into art:  
This is disgustingly cool. Just trust us.  @TomThummer
This talk is a visual journey into the world of Burning Man: 
"It's a pretty terrible situation when you're coming to a service that, ideally, you want to learn something about the world, and you spend the majority of your time reporting abuse, receiving abuse, receiving harassment." @jack 
Memory is a skill you can learn. 

In this episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, learn how to harness the power of memory at work. Find it everywhere you listen to podcasts.  
Last week Jack Dorsey spoke at #TED2019 about follower counts, online harassment and the problem with misinformation on Twitter: 
Bye. 
Simple advice from a criminal defense attorney on how to give a good apology: 
"I believe fundamentally that public conversation is critical." @jack 
This is what a nursing home based on freedom, meaning and social life looks like: 
How would you prefer to spend the last years of your life: in a sterile, hospital-like institution or in a village with a supermarket, pub, theater and park within easy walking distance? 
The easiest way to complete a project is to abandon it and clear it away. Get that stuff off your shelf and off your conscience. 
"Science is at its best when it dares to be human." @BadAstronomer 
How to build a company where the best ideas win:  @RayDalio 
"Just by listening and being kind to somebody, you have the ability to make a difference in their lives." @blazinwv 
In the US, the very same blood test can cost $19 at one clinic and $522 at another clinic just blocks away — and nobody knows the difference until they get a bill weeks later. This journalist is making that data public: 
Meritocracy is a myth. This is the real key to getting ahead at work: 
"We have to live simply, so that others can simply live." 
"Public speaking is the most impactful way to share who you are and what you care about." 
How crafting can be a form of protest: 
In this village, everyone has dementia — and a chance to live their own life: 
“It’s cheaper to educate than to incarcerate. If we don’t want to keep recycling people into and out of an expensive system, then education is key.” 
From curating social media feeds to getting into the perfect college, our obsession with perfectionism is getting worse. Here’s how it hurts our health: 
This is how you can finally let go of perfectionism in your personal life, workplace and beyond: 
Parents, stop trying to raise happy kids:

We're not sure how these strange TED Talks became cult hits, but we're not complaining. 
How a single word can change your conversation: 
Give yourself permission to take a break from the news. 
Here's why public speaking can make some people feel like they're fighting for their lives: 
Playing to your strengths is a recipe for success, as long as you do it at the right time. Learn how your strength can become a weakness in this week's episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant. 
Listen now for free on @Spotify or wherever you listen:  
Learn how to make your strengths stand out at work in this week's episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant. 
Listen now for free on @ApplePodcasts or wherever you listen:  
What's the secret to a longer life? Here are the best theories: 
“The problem with stereotypes is not that they are untrue, but that they are incomplete. They make one story become the only story.” 
"One of the choices we made in the early days was we had this number that showed how many people follow you. We decided it should be big and bold. If I had to start the service again, I would not emphasize the follower count as much." -@jack at #TED2019 
A moving talk about a daughter's love — and of letting go and finding peace. 
"Find your peace within, hold it sacred, bring it with you everywhere you go. Peace cannot be shared or created with others if we cannot first generate it within." 
"Writing is the time when my heartbeat is truly at rest; when I feel right with myself." 
This is how dogs went from aggressive wolves to humanity's first domesticated pets: 
We would like to salute the weirdos who thought it would be a good idea to stick a camera down a beatboxer's throat and just see what happens. 
Here's what's on the menu for your future self: 
How one mother reckons with the unthinkable: 
Life is a lot weirder than meets the eye. These TED Talks explain some of the oddities you may have overlooked. 
These inspiring talks offer the kick-in-the-pants you need to unleash your creative spirit. 
"Breathe slowly, don't try to blink, don't be self-conscious. Be relaxed." 
Why even morally upstanding people choose corruption: 
11 TED Talks to lift you out of a bad mood: 
What kind of maniac asks for a "burger refill"? This guy: 
This is how your childhood impacts your DNA: 
46 percent of people get fired or quit within the first year of starting a job. 
"Easy answers to complex questions are very appealing when you are emotionally vulnerable."  
"The future you has to be a you that loves. Otherwise it will cease to flourish." @iamsrk 
"A person entranced by wonder is pulled out of the normal voice-in-your-head self-absorption and awed by something greater than herself." 
These TED Talks are perfect for kiddos excited about science and technology: 
This is why people join cults: 
"You don't have to go to one of the brand name schools to be happy and successful in life. Happy and successful people went to state school, went to a small college no one has heard of, went to community college." 
Take a moment to think of a few things you could cross off your to-do list — forever. Shed the responsibilities, habits and hobbies that use up your time in ways you don’t love. Call it your “to-don’t” list. 
Ever see something floating across your field of vision? These are the facts you need to know about floaters: 
An illuminating, if not slightly chilling, exploration of what makes a psychopath. 
The simple truth about good parenting: 
"If you are someone who has contemplated or attempted suicide, or you know somebody who has, talk about it." 
We all feel a little lost sometimes. These TED Talks can help you find your purpose. 
11 TED Talks to watch if you're doubting yourself: 
If you can’t decide whether you should keep an item of clothing, ask yourself, “If I ran into my ex on the street, would I be happy if I were wearing this?” 
No one's salary should be a secret. 
Think twice the next time you say someone is "nice." 
Speed reading is a superpower that you can turn on and off. Learn how to strengthen it: 
If you're usually a Negative Nelly, this is for you. 
The string theory explainer you've been waiting for: 
3 techniques to speed up your reading: 
These TED Talks will make you enjoy math, possibly for the first time ever. 
Ask yourself this question every time you pick up your phone: 
A thread by our Head of Curation, @HelenWalters, about the incredible speakers of #TED2019! 
"The clitoris is not a button, it is an iceberg." Everything you never knew about the clitoris: 

"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
Learn to forgive yourself for the moments when anxiety gets in your way: 
These talks will help you chill out and enjoy your day. 
If you yawned while reading this tweet, congratulations! Your mirror neurons are working. 
14 TED Talks to help you ward off existential dread: 
The brain science behind why teenagers make questionable life decisions: 
Whether you're heartbroken or stressed out, these TED Talks will help you process your emotions. 
If your brain is a mess of work and life to-do's, these straightforward steps can help you focus.

70 books to read when you’re looking for a completely different perspective on life: 
Stop arranging your entire life around what you think is wrong with you. 
Do you ever order clothes online in different sizes and colors just to try them on and then send back what doesn't work? Yeah, maybe stop doing that. 
5 irrational thinking patterns that could be dragging you down:  
3 ways to be a good coworker to the women in your office: 
“There’s very good evidence that shows when you confront people with a ton of facts that contradict their worldview, it actually causes them to hold their existing beliefs more strongly.”  
Some simple (and honestly scary) ways we could potentially prolong the human life. 
"Today, I'm here to share the experience of what it's like to be the mother of someone who kills and hurts." 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
“We think we have to be successful, then we’ll be happier. But our brains work in the opposite order." 
We all doubt ourselves sometimes. Here’s a reminder that you’re enough. 
A reminder to tell your friends why you love them. 
Your thinking patterns impact how you see yourself. Here's how to work through some of the ones that don't serve you. 
"Algorithms don't make things fair. They repeat our past practices, our patterns. They automate the status quo." 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
When we needlessly apologize, we end up making ourselves small and diminishing what we’re trying to express. 
"If you raise your level of positivity, then your brain performs significantly better. Your intelligence rises, your creativity rises, your energy levels rise." 
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
How hip-hop helps us understand science:  @DNLee5 #TED2019 
Want to get ahead at work? Are you trying to be more hopeful? Would you like to learn more about the world, but you're not sure who to trust?

Sign up for TED Recommends. We'll send you the perfect TED Talks to watch based on your goals:  #TED2019 
@redplanet00 Hey Fred! 👋 If you ever want to take a stroll down memory lane, our full photo album from TED2015 is on Flickr here! 
That's a wrap for #TED2019! Thank you so much to all of our speakers who brought us their ideas this week. We can't wait to share their talks with you online... coming soon! 
"This is the most powerful way to reclaim foresight: By seeing ourselves as the good ancestors we long to be, not just to our own children, but to all humanity.... Whatever your heirloom is, protect it, and know that its music can resonate for generations." @binajv #TED2019
"The truth is I am what the world looks like. You are what the world looks like. In order for our systems to reflect that, they don't have to create a new reality. They just have to stop resisting the one we already live in." @AmericaFerrera #TED2019
"It's possible to be the person who genuinely wants to see change while also being the person whose actions keep things the way they are. Change isn't going to come by identifying the good guys &amp; the bad guys, because most of us are neither one of those." @AmericaFerrera #TED2019
"Real Women Have Curves was a critical, cultural and financial success. 'Great,' I thought. 'We did it! We proved our stories have value. Things are going to change now.' But I watched as very little happened. There was no watershed." @AmericaFerrera #TED2019
"Most days pass in an unmemorable flow, but, every once in a while, something delights you and you are forever after entranced." @nytdavidbrooks #TED2019 
"When you have one of those bad moments in life, you can either be broken, or you can be broken open. Suffering's great power is that it's an interruption of life. It reminds you that you're not the person you thought you were." @nytdavidbrooks #TED2019
"The divide between the sick and the well, it doesn't exist. The border is porous. As we live longer, surviving illnesses and injuries that would have killed our grandparents… the vast majority of us will travel back and forth between these realms."  @suleikajaouad #TED2019
"It’s important that I tell you what this projection of heroism and expectation of constant gratitude does to people who are trying to recover. Because being cured is not where the work of healing ends, it’s where it begins." @suleikajaouad #TED2019
"The hardest part of my cancer experience began once the cancer was gone. That heroic journey of the survivor we see on movies &amp; watch on Instagram, it's a myth. it's not just untrue, it's dangerous, because it erases the very real challenges of recovery." @suleikajaouad #TED2019
"If you have never practiced critical thinking, then you simply see what you are told to see... A lot of people think that humans inherently know what is right and wrong... I tell them BS. Everything must be taught, including compassion." @YeonmiParkNK #TED2019
"North Korea is unimaginable. It's hard for me when people ask me what it feels like to live there. The words in any language can't describe it because it's a totally different planet... The word 'love' only has one meaning — love for the dear leader." @YeonmiParkNK #TED2019
"Imagine your apartment building caught fire. What would you do? Would you stay there to be burned, or would you jump off out of the window to see what happened?" @YeonmiParkNK on her decision to escape North Korea at age 13 #TED2019
"Market liberalism tells us we are masters beholden to none, but then it enslaves us in the awful isolation of consumerism and status anxiety. Millions of us are onto the con now. We are realizing that a free-for-all is not the same as freedom for all." @ericpliu #TED2019
"To speak of 'civic religion' as religion is not poetic license. Democracy is one of the most faith-fueled human activities there is. Democracy works only when enough of us believe democracy works. It is both a gamble and a miracle."  @ericpliu #TED2019
"I remain hopeful. I don't mean optimistic. Optimism is for spectators. Hope implies agency; it says I have a hand in the outcome." @ericpliu on his faith in democracy #TED2019
@Pinkivoryqueen1 Hi Kayla! The talks from #TED2019 will be uploaded on  in the weeks to come.
@dylanmarron @jonnysun @kaysarahsera @RafaelCasal What a squad.
David Baker is one of this year’s Audacious Project grantees at #TED2019. @TheAudaciousPrj is a new initiative from TED that funds ideas that can make a large-scale impact. Learn more at  and keep watching this clip for the rest of the TED2019 session.
Introduced by @neilhimself, David Baker shares how his team at @UWproteindesign is designing proteins that will change how drugs, vaccines, &amp; new materials are made. One of their goals? To create universal vaccines that could prevent HIV &amp; cancer #TED2019 
@indyfromspace 😂
"Black holes are among the most perplexing objects in the universe. They are literally just math incarnate in a physical form, and we barely understand it. It’s like the number zero being animated and walking around the corridors here. These are weirder." @thejunaverse #TED2019
@WajahatAli ❤️
"Confidence is a concept you can choose. Authenticity is necessary, and it’s powerful."

@daniellismore lives his life as an artwork. He gets dressed every morning by curating objects from his 6,000 piece collection over a base layer that covers his body. #TED2019 
"We view the work we do as gastrodiplomacy, using food and finesse to open borders and connect culture... You know we had to hit 'em in the head with that caviar and cornbread." @ghettogastro #TED2019 
"There is no amount of attention you can get where you arrive, and you’re like, 'Ah, I’m good now...' If your creativity is driven by a desire to get attention, you’re never going to be creatively fulfilled." @hitRECordJoe #TED2019 
"We can mitigate against anger and hate through the experience of awe generated by art... Awe is a physiological state, that sense of feeling small and connected to the world." Neuroscientist @rbeaulotto #TED2019
This week at #TED2019, @carolecadwalla called out the "gods of Silicon Valley" for being on the wrong side of history. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
"Once you start listening to those silent beats and messiness all around you, you realize there is a beautiful symphony already written for you, a direct line to your destiny." @jonmchu #TED2019
"It turned into this conversation online between all these Asian-Americans where we could debate and discuss what stories we wanted to tell... We didn't agree, and we still don't, but that wasn't the point. The point was the conversation was happening." @jonmchu #TED2019
"Asian people who knew the book didn't trust Hollywood, Asian people who didn’t know the book thought the title was offensive, and other people who weren't Asian just didn't think it was for them." Director @jonmchu on the challenges facing his film Crazy Rich Asians #TED2019
"In impressive feats of memory, chickens keep straight over 100 chicken faces and recognize individuals after months of separation." @bjkingape #TED2019 
What does grief look like in animals? According to biological anthropologist @bjkingape, it can be rocking in distress, social withdrawal, failure to eat or sleep properly, or a depressed posture or vocalization. #TED2019
"Animals can care very deeply for each other, maybe they even love each other, and when they do, a survivor's heart can be pierced by a death. If we recognize [animal grief], we can make the world a better, kinder place for animals." @bjkingape #TED2019
"Human connection is as threatened by unhealthy peace as by unhealthy conflict." Instead of avoiding controversial topics at your next gathering, @priyaparker recommends encouraging them with conditions in place to facilitate meaningful connection. #TED2019
"Let's make it easier for people to have babies. In order to invest in our future, we actually have to invest in our present and help those people who want to become parents. Give them affordable health care, child care, paid parental leave." @WajahatAli #TED2019
The birth rate in the United States hit a historic low in 2017. One reason? The US is the most expensive place in the world to have a child, says writer @WajahatAli. #TED2019
This week at #TED2019, @jack reflected on Twitter's future — and the mistakes it has made in the past. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Our third talk from #TED2019 is now online!

This is how @ehtelescope scientists finally got a picture of a supermassive black hole 55 million light-years away:  
Everyone sometimes needs a pep talk. @MsPackyetti shares her advice on how to help someone you love build their confidence. #TED2019 
This is a new generation of robogami, a robot inspired by origami that is optimized for multiple tasks. It is more versatile than classic robots, which usually have fixed joints and fixed purposes. @robotician #TED2019 
Today's AI will do what you *tell* it to do, but it isn't necessarily smart enough to do exactly what you *want* it to do, says @JanelleCShane. Here’s what an AI came up with when it was asked to make a humanoid robot move fast. #TED2019 
"Look at this fun, interactive sandbox of video games and ask yourself what are these gamers doing today. That might give you a hint of what the future is going to hold for all of us." @eshear, CEO of @Twitch, shares how gaming is a low-stakes way to explore new tech #TED2019
“With the rise of arcades, then internet play, and now massively multiplayer games with thriving online communities, gaming has emerged as the one form of entertainment where consumption truly requires human connection.” @eshear, CEO of @Twitch #TED2019
Claudia Miner is one of this year’s Audacious Project grantees at #TED2019. @TheAudaciousPrj is a new initiative from TED that funds ideas that can make a large-scale impact. Learn more at  and keep watching this clip for the rest of the TED2019 session.
Kids who start school without basic skills are 60% less likely to attend college. Claudia Miner at @waterfordorg’s UPSTART program is using tech to help kids get kindergarten-ready from home. Visit  to support them. #TED2019 
.@JulieCordua is one of this year’s Audacious Project grantees at #TED2019. @TheAudaciousPrj is a new initiative from TED that funds ideas that can make a large-scale impact. Learn more at  and keep watching this clip for the rest of the TED2019 session.
Introduced by @aplusk, @juliecordua of @Thorn is working to eliminate child sexual abuse online. She has a ground-breaking new approach to taking down abusive content &amp; the abusers who share it. Visit  to learn how to help. #TED2019 
"It may seem that we’re all standing on solid Earth right now, but we’re not. The rocks and the dirt underneath us are crisscrossed by little fractures and empty spaces that are filled with astronomical quantities of microbes." @archaearama #TED2019
"Sleep is not an optional lifestyle luxury. Sleep is a non-negotiable biological necessity. It is your life support system and it is Mother Nature's best effort yet at immortality." @sleepdiplomat #TED2019
"In the spring, when we lose one hour of sleep, we see a subsequent 24% increase in heart attacks that following day. In the autumn, when we gain one hour of sleep, we see a 21% reduction in heart attacks." @sleepdiplomat #TED2019
"It can be more efficient to do things the hard way... Medical research has shown that actually fidgeting, getting up and walking around is one of the best things you can do for your heart." @edward_tenner says the efficiency of smart devices at home may not be worth it. #TED2019
"Soil's just a thin veil that covers the surface of land, but it has the power to shape our planet's destiny. 6 feet of soil represents the difference between life and lifelessness in the Earth's system." @aaberhe on the connection btwn soil degradation &amp; climate change #TED2019
@BadAstronomer @andrewmarantz We'll be posting talks from this conference over the upcoming weeks and months. We'd recommend signing up for TED Recommends to receive email notifications about talks you might like ( and following @andrewmarantz here on Twitter!
"You will hear smart, accomplished people say 'I'm pro-free speech,' and they say it like they're settling a debate, when that's the very beginning of any meaningful conversation. All of the interesting stuff happens after that point." @andrewmarantz #TED2019
"Contrarian white teens of the world: if you're being a round Earth skeptic and a male privilege skeptic and a "racism is bad" skeptic, you're not being a skeptic, you're being a jerk. It's great to be independent-minded, but be smart about it." @andrewmarantz #TED2019
"Be a smart skeptic. Smart skepticism is thinking for yourself, questioning every claim, demanding evidence. Dumb skepticism sounds like skepticism but it’s really knee-jerk contrarianism." @andrewmarantz #TED2019
Safeena Husain is one of this year’s Audacious Project grantees at #TED2019. @TheAudaciousPrj is a new initiative from TED that funds ideas that can make a large-scale impact. Learn more at  and keep watching this clip for the rest of the TED2019 session.
Introduced by @iamsrk, Safeena Husain of @educate_girls shares her goal to help 1.6 million girls in India receive an education by 2024. Support their project at  #TED2019 
Joanne Chory is one of this year’s Audacious Project grantees at #TED2019. @TheAudaciousPrj is a new initiative from TED that funds ideas that can make a large-scale impact. Learn more at  and keep watching this clip for the rest of the TED2019 session.
Joanne Chory and @salkinstitute are creating plants with deeper, cork-like root systems that can capture more carbon dioxide in the air so that less stays in the atmosphere. Support them at  #TED2019 
This is what makes a company successful, according to @Chobani's CEO @hamdiulukaya. #TED2019 
.@DrPhilGoff is one of this year’s Audacious Project grantees at #TED2019. @TheAudaciousPrj is a new initiative from TED that funds ideas that can make a large-scale impact. Learn more at  and keep watching this clip for the rest of the TED2019 session.
Introduced by @michaelb4jordan, @DrPhilGoff at @PolicingEquity shares his data-driven approach to reducing racism in policing one city at a time. Support his mission at  #TED2019 
"In the real world I struggle to talk to people because my neurodiversity makes it difficult for me to think, listen, speak and process new information at the same time. But on the stage, I don't have to think. I prepare my thinks well in advance." @Hannahgadsby #TED2019 
"If you need any more proof that I'm neurodivergent, I'm calm doing a thing that scares the hell out of most people. I'm almost dead up here." @Hannahgadsby on doing standup comedy #TED2019
"Diagnosis gave me a framework from which to hang parts of me I'd never understood. My misfit finally had a fit." @Hannahgadsby on being diagnosed with autism #TED2019
@MyNameIsGriffon We try! 💙
More people have been to outer space than to the bottom of the ocean. Victor Vescovo of @FiveDeeps is one of only three people who have been to the bottom of the Atlantic — it takes about three hours to get down there. #TED2019
"Science was about going out into the unknown. It was about truly global exploration even if there were risks. When did it become acceptable to make it difficult for science to happen in 'unstable places?'" @LittleMsFossil #TED2019
“Scientists specialize in the jungle. Scientists work in deep cave systems. Scientists attach themselves to rockets and shoot themselves into outer space. But apparently working in an 'unstable place' is deemed too high risk.” @LittleMsFossil #TED2019
"You don't go into the studio to create anything but what's coming truthfully from your heart and your spirit, and you trust that you have a dancer you can share that with. Rehearsal space is a sacred space." Judith Jamison of the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater #TED2019
@MichaelDTubbs It was our honor to have you!
Learn how to face rejection — and even come out stronger because of it. 

Listen to this week's episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant on @ApplePodcasts now:  
"We are what happens to a western democracy when a hundred years of electoral laws are disrupted by technology. Our democracy is broken, our laws don't work anymore." @carolecadwalla #TED2019 
"What I love about LEGO is that it’s not a toy, it's a tool that empowers the child to build his or her own world and then to inhabit that world through play." @bjarkeingels 

The LEGO House in Denmark was designed to be as interactive and engaging as LEGO itself. #TED2019 
Kumbh Mela is a Hindu festival that takes place every 12 years at the confluence of the Ganges and the Yamuna rivers. Over a 100 million people visit the sacred site in 55 days. It is essentially a megacity built in about 10 weeks, says Rahul Mehrotra. #TED2019 
"A lot of people think it's a big, scary thing to be online if you're not already perfectly and fully formed, but the Internet can be a great place to not know, and we can treat that with excitement." @jonnysun #TED2019 
Our second talk from #TED2019 is now online. 

Watch @WhitPennRod and @TEDChris's interview with @jack about how Twitter needs to change:  
"We have to begin to see each other as neighbors. When we see someone different from us, they shouldn’t reflect our fears, our anxieties, our insecurities... We should see ourselves. We should see our common humanity." @MichaelDTubbs, Mayor of Stockton, California. #TED2019 
"I've always wanted my stories to jolt people, to shake them into having difficult conversations... An effective storyteller speaks to our emotions, elicits empathy and compassion, and forces us to look at things differently." Oscar-winning filmmaker @socfilms #TED2019
"As a child, I knew that stories were meant to be savored, that stories wanted to be slow. That some author had spent months, maybe years writing it, and my job as the reader... was to respect that narrative." @JackieWoodson on the value of reading slowly #TED2019
"These structures we inherit aren't acts of God, they're acts of men and women, they're policy choices... We have the chance and the awesome opportunity to do something about it." @MichaelDTubbs, Mayor of Stockton, California. #TED2019
"We just don't have a rational relationship to information. We have an emotional one. It's just not true that more facts will make everything okay." @cward1e on why fighting disinformation with fact-checking online isn't enough #TED2019
"We tend to fixate on what's true or false, but the biggest concern is actually the weaponization of context. The most effective disinformation has always been that which has a kernel of truth to it." @cward1e on fighting hoaxes and disinformation online #TED2019
"One of the best parts of being human is we have evolved to find joy in helping others. Let’s stop thinking about giving as just this moral obligation and start thinking of it as a source of pleasure." @dunnhappylab #TED2019
"Spending money helping others doesn’t necessarily promote happiness. It matters how we do it. If we want people to give more, we need to create opportunities to give that enable us to appreciate our shared humanity." @dunnhappylab #TED2019
"For too long we've treated relationships like a soft topic when relationship skills are one of the most important things to build... I’m convinced that while love is an instinct, the ability to love better is a skill we can all build &amp; improve on over time." @Join1Love #TED2019
"Healthy love includes independence: two people who love spending time together but who stay connected to the people and activities they cared about before." @Join1Love #TED2019
"Unhealthy relationships and abuse are all around us; we just call them different things and ignore the connection. Abuse sneaks up on us disguised as unhealthy love." 1 in 3 women and 1 in 4 men will experience relationship abuse in their lifetime. @Join1Love #TED2019
What do you really want to know about the use of psychedelics to treat mental health issues? 

Join us at 3pm PST today for an exclusive AMA with #TED2019 speaker @RickDoblin of @MAPS. Become a member of our TED Science Club here: 
"Over the next several decades, there will be thousands of psychedelic clinics established at which therapists will be able to administer MDMA, psilocybin, ketamine and other psychedelics to potentially millions of patients." @RickDoblin #TED2019
"We are in the midst of a global renaissance in psychedelic research. Psychedelic psychotherapy is showing great promise for the treatment of PTSD, depression, substance abuse and alcoholism." @RickDoblin #TED2019
Thank you for tuning in to the Audacious Project at #TED2019! We were inspired by each of these organizations, and we hope you were, too! Visit  to get involved.
Thanks to your contributions tonight, we’re excited to announce that we've now raised $283,561,215 for these @TheAudaciousPrj ideas! Your support has truly made a difference in giving these projects lift-off. #TED2019
.@emelisande takes the stage to perform for us live at #TED2019.
Inspired by what you’ve seen tonight? These projects could use your support to reach their ambitious goals! Learn how to get involved with each organization — whether it’s making a $5 donation or helping spread the word about the cause — here:  #TED2019
.@juliecordua is the executive director of @Thorn, a nonprofit committed to eliminating child sexual abuse online. Watch live as she shares her plan to build groundbreaking technology that will take down abusive content and the abusers who share it. #TED2019
Safeena Husain and @educate_girls have already helped 380,000 girls in India attend school. Now they hope to raise that number to 1.6 million by 2024. Watch now as she shares a plan to go door-to-door in 35,000 villages to reach that big goal. #TED2019
Right now, less than 7% of our oceans are adequately protected. @MarkTercek and his team at @nature_org want to change that. Watch now to learn about his plan to protect our marine life and give our oceans a fighting chance. #TED2019
David Baker and his team at @UWproteindesign are designing proteins that will change how drugs, vaccines, and new materials are made. One of their goals? To create universal vaccines that could even prevent HIV and cancer. #TED2019
At-risk children who start school without basic skills are 60% less likely to attend college. Watch now to hear how Claudia Miner at @waterfordorg’s UPSTART program uses technology to help kids get kindergarten-ready right from their homes. #TED2019
Up next, learn about @EllenAgler of @TheEndFund’s plan to end diseases caused by intestinal worms, a problem that plagues 1 in 5 people around the world. Tune in to hear her shockingly simple approach that could eliminate worms as a health problem and transform lives. #TED2019
Joanna Chory and @salkinstitute have an ambitious plan to save the planet: they’re creating plants with cork-like root systems that can absorb up to 20x more carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. Watch as she gives her TED Talk live to learn how they plan to do it. #TED2019
Up first is @DrPhilGoff of @PolicingEquity, who plans to tackle racism in policing by partnering directly with police departments. His team uses data to track and change police behavior, and departments working with them have already seen an average of 25% fewer arrests. #TED2019
.@TheAudaciousPrj is a new initiative housed at TED that helps turn bold ideas into large-scale change. TED Curator @TEDChris explains how it works here:  #TED2019
We’re LIVE at #TED2019 with @TheAudaciousPrj! Watch as we unveil 8 bold solutions to some of the world’s toughest problems. Become a part of something big and learn more at  
"My question to you is, is this what you want? Is this how you want history to remember you? As the handmaidens to authoritarianism?"

Watch as @carolecadwalla calls out the "gods of Silicon Valley" for being on the wrong side of history:  #TED2019 
Our first talk from #TED2019 is now online. Watch as @carolecadwalla digs into the UK's super-close 2016 vote to leave the EU — and how Facebook broke democracy:  
There are 25 million color organs in the skin of the octopus called chromatophores. At #TED2019, Roger Hanlon (@camouGuy) argues that dynamic camouflage is a form of intelligence. 
"How do we crack the code of confidence? Permission, community and curiosity. Permission births confidence, community nurtures it and curiosity affirms it." @MsPackyetti #TED2019
"Confidence is the necessary spark before everything that follows. Confidence is the difference between being inspired and actually getting started, between trying and doing until it’s done. Confidence helps us keep going even when we’ve failed." @MsPackyetti #TED2019
“If I had to start the service again, I probably would not emphasize the follower count as much. I would not emphasize the ‘like’ count as much. I don’t think I would even create ‘like’ in the first place." @jack #TED2019 
"If one can speak of a cosmic war, it’s not the one portrayed in those pessimistic stories. It’s a war between novelty and monotony; between stasis and creativity. And our side is not destined to lose." @DavidDeutschOxf #TED2019
We’re live with @dylanmarron at #TED2019! He’s here to talk to us about how to be a better listener and have more vulnerable conversations.  
"The secret to changing our country lay in enhancing and supporting the limitless potential of the next generation and challenging them to change our country."  President Julius Maada Bio of Sierra Leone #TED2019
"I believe leadership is about creating possibilities that everyone, especially the young people, can believe in, own, and work to actualize." President Julius Maada Bio of Sierra Leone #TED2019
#TED2019, were you overwhelmed or distracted by the questions on the screen? Take a look at what everyone asked on #AskJackAtTED.

Thank you to everyone who participated in our conversation with @jack. The video of the interview will be available on  soon. 
"Capitalism is an economic system where companies are owned by private citizens rather than gov't. The people determine which commercial ideas are worth investment." @Nasdaq's @adenatfriedman says capitalism is linked to freedom b/c it is tied to the will of the people. #TED2019
"Our goal right now, the metric that is most important, is one around daily active usage — are we actually delivering something that people value every single day." @jack says that their second goal is incentivizing healthy conversation. #TED2019 #AskJackAtTED
How is Twitter making its platform safer for women of color? "Around 38% of abusive tweets are now proactively identified by machine learning so that people don't have to report them," @jack says. That's up from 0% last year. #TED2019
Do you have a question for @jack? Share it using the hashtag #AskJackAtTED. @WhitPennRod and @TEDChris are now interviewing him about concerns and opportunities for Twitter's future. Your questions may appear live on stage at #TED2019.
“In [the US] alone, with 300 million citizens, over 70% of us have social media profiles. That’s more than registered voters… We’re using it to vote for causes and changes we want to see.” Writer @RafaelCasal says that online "outrage" is a new form of civic engagement #TED2019
"Today's playbook says business should stay out of politics. The reality is that businesses as citizens must take a side." @hamdiulukaya on why 30% of @Chobani's workforce are immigrants and refugees #TED2019 
"The new anti-CEO playbook is about gratitude. Today's business book says business exists to maximize profit for shareholders. I think that's the dumbest idea I’ve ever heard. In reality, businesses should take care of their employees first." @hamdiulukaya #TED2019
"It’s time to admit that the playbook that has guided business and CEOs for the last 40 years is broken. It tells you everything about business except how to be a noble leader. We need a new playbook that sees people again, that sees beyond profits." @hamdiulukaya #TED2019
"I know that someone seeing me as a threat can become a threat to my life, and I am tired. I am tired of carrying this invisible burden of other people's fears." @baratunde on life as a black man in the United States. #TED2019
"We know that police officers use force more with black people than with white people... We live in a system in which white people can too easily call on deadly force to secure their comfort.” @Baratunde on #BBQBecky, #PermitPatty and #LivingWhileBlack #TED2019
"Tolerance means, 'I'll tolerate you, I'll accept you, but I won't embrace you.' The idea of mutual respect says that you have something to learn from everyone." @FrankLuntz #TED2019
“It’s not what you say, it’s what people hear.” Pollster @FrankLuntz shares words to lose and words to use if you want to effectively connect people who disagree politically. #TED2019
“This was the biggest electoral fraud in Britain for a hundred years. And it was just one of the crimes that took place in the Referendum on Facebook." @carolecadwalla on the 160 million ads promoting disinformation about Brexit #TED2019
"In Britain, we limit the amount of money that you can spend in elections. But those laws don’t work anymore. You can spend any amount of money on Facebook, on Google, on YouTube, and nobody will know, because they're black boxes." @carolecadwalla #TED2019
"We had to get lucky in a lot of different ways. Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good. In this case, we were both." @ehtelescope director Sheperd Doeleman on photographing a black hole for the first time. #TED2019

Photo credit: EHT Collaboration 
Get ready, folks. It's time for TED! #TED2019 
“Kenya’s creative industry is vibrant, cosmopolitan, open and forward looking. But its true value is in its power to heal the Kenyan psyche so we can finally, truly build the nation.” -@muthoniDQ  @TEDFellows #TED2019 
@mikemoradi @vancouveraqua Gorgeous!
@pellinglab This is a work of ART.
Is your country at risk of becoming a dictatorship? Here's how to know:  @Farida_N 
This teenager was diagnosed with Tourette's syndrome at age six, and she struggled for years to find the right treatment. But then she noticed something amazing: whenever she played music, her involuntary tics suddenly went away. 
"Side hustles are about embracing that hope that we can be the ones making the decisions in how we spend our work lives." @sidehustlepro 
"Hate crimes against Muslims in the US increased by 1,600 percent post-9/11, and one in every four women in the US will suffer some form of gender violence." @ranabdelhamid 
"Togo has been ruled by the same family for 51 years, making us the oldest autocracy in Africa. That's a record. We have a second-coolest record: we have been ranked three times as the unhappiest country on earth. You are all invited." @Farida_N 
Hey Canada! 🇨🇦 We're thrilled to be back in Vancouver for #TED2019. @vanconventions 
"Normal is simply a construction of what we've been exposed to, and how visible it is around us."  @safwat
@Laparoscopes @TEDxBeaconSt @MGHSurgery @MassGeneralNews @MGH_RI Welcome, Dan!
@Treeliana Here you go! 
@davidkwong Excited to bump into you at the food trucks, David!
@SimoneGiertz So excited to see you again, Simone!
"Staying at least one step ahead of the spectator is a fundamental rule in magic." @davidkwong 
How to overcome apathy and find your power:   @DoloresHuerta 
Take off your headphones, quit your map applications and go for a slow stroll through your neighborhood. You'll be glad you did. 
This wrist-device helped a blind athlete run the first 15 miles of the New York City Marathon without any sighted assistance. Here’s how it works: 
"Your savings behavior isn't a question of how smart you are or how much willpower you have. The amount we save depends on the environmental cues around us." @wdlrosa 
"Where do you feel useful to this world? Because the answer to that question is where you will find your voice and your freedom." @ashweethashetty 
@jellicle_moe Welcome to #TED2019, Moe! We're excited to meet you!
One of the nerdiest plot twists in #GameofThrones involves High Valyrian grammar. 
Here's what @AdamMGrant cut from his to-do list so he could get more done — and have more time for happiness. #WorkLife 
"Every company needs to be excited for change. Beware of the smoke of nostalgia." @pattymccord1 
"Dictators feed on propaganda. They like giving the impression that they are the saviors, and without them, the country will fall apart. And they are always fighting some foreign forces." @Farida_N 
We don't "move on" from grief. We move forward with it:  @noraborealis 
Why this artist repaints houses destined for demolition: 
The median income for women in the US in pretrial detention is $11,071 (nearly 30 percent less than men’s $15,598) — but the median bail amount is $10,000. 
Should you date your boss? In almost all cases, no, you should not date your boss. 
The Wars of the Roses served as the basis for much of the drama in #GameOfThrones. (Except for the dragons, of course.) 
Current treatments for depression and PTSD only suppress symptoms, if they work at all. What if we could prevent these diseases from developing altogether? @RebeccaBrachman 
"The number one purchase people say they regret, after bank fees, is eating out. It's a frequent purchase we make almost every day, and it's death by a thousand cuts." @wdlrosa 
Feel bombarded by constant breaking news? Here's how to be a slow news consumer — and be more informed: 
How do you take a picture of something unseeable like a black hole? Using a stitched together telescope the size of Earth: 
Solar panels you'll actually want to put in your house: 
Applying for jobs online is one of the worst digital experiences of our time. And applying for jobs in person really isn't much better. 
8 TED Talks to give you a confidence boost:  
"A grieving person is going to laugh again and smile again. Yes, they're going to move forward. But that doesn't mean that they've moved on." @noraborealis 
@PREAUX_FISH Excited to see you, Prosanta!
@laura_boykin @pellinglab Welcome back, friends!
What a black hole looks like: 
How to photograph a black hole: 
5 TED Talks on extremely weird science:  
"Talent and intelligence are equally distributed throughout the world. But opportunity is not." @photomatt 
“We need to not only look at ‘Does this person already know how to do something?’ but ‘Can she learn it’?” 
Looking to make a big change? These talks will get you started. 
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
Frustrated with learning a new skill? Here's how to keep going: 
“When we use the word ‘talent’ to refer to employees, what we’re implying is you need to have the knowledge, skills and abilities to do the job perfectly from day one." 
Why and how should we forgive those who have hurt us? 
3 lessons on starting a movement from a self-defense trailblazer:  @ranabdelhamid 
This is for the students, coworkers and regular people who are often overlooked because we are seen as neither exceptional nor problematic. 
Do you experience the world as it really is? These TED talks explain why you see the world the way you do: 
9 TED Talks from inspiring teachers: 
Should workplace couples keep their relationships secret? And why are coworkers so often attracted to each other? We asked an organizational psychologist. 
Short answer: Yes. Here's why you shouldn't panic. 
46 percent of people get fired or quit within the first year of starting a job. 
The brain science behind why teenagers make questionable life decisions: 
Life is short. Take some selfies. Keep a journal. 
Do yourself a favor and let go of some of your misconceptions about casual sex. 
This advice will change how you read. 
5 TED Talks on why sleep is so important: 
About 75 percent of people who applied to jobs in the past year said they never heard anything back from the employer. 
8 TED Talks to watch if you're questioning reality: 
If your brain is a mess of work and life to-do's, these straightforward steps can help you focus.

“It’s time to do something bold. To have a bold idea bigger than anyone is comfortable with.” #TED2019

On April 16 at 5pm PT, visit @TEDTalks to watch LIVE as we unveil the 8 people whose bold ideas will literally change the world. Visit  to learn more. 
"Your employees are adults. We've created so many processes and guidelines to keep employees in place that we've ended up with systems that treat people like they're children. They're not. Fully formed adults walk in the door every single day." 
Late night, come home. Work sucks, I know. 
Myth 1: Women are biologically less interested in casual sex.
Myth 2: Monogamous sex is better and safer, and monogamous people have better relationships.
Myth 3: Sex is immoral and dangerous.

Here's what the research actually says:

Everything you've wanted to know about how your brain constructs reality: 
You're not the only one who replays your last relationship over and over. Here's why your brain keeps torturing you. 
Say goodbye to that shaky, dry voice you only seem to have when you're nervous. 
"I'd like to encourage all of you to go out and help push the boundaries of science, even if it may at first seem as mysterious to you as a black hole." — Katie Bouman #EHTBlackHole #WomenInSTEM 
"No person who is fleeing war should ever face a closed border." - @melissarfleming  
Calling all #GameOfThrones fans! Meet the mastermind behind the Valyrian and Dothraki languages: 
How close are you to deleting Facebook? 
Here's why it matters that Facebook knows everything about you: 
Wearable tech that helps you navigate by touch:  
This is how you can finally let go of perfectionism in your personal life, workplace and beyond: 
"Public speaking is the most impactful way to share who you are and what you care about." 
"How is it that we allow the majority of people on the planet to do work that is meaningless and soul-deadening?" 
"Bravery is learned, and like anything learned, it just needs to be practiced." @carowriter 
10 TED Talks to watch when every conceivable bad thing has just happened:  
"Wouldn't it be great if just one politician said, 'My opponent has a point. Let's see if we can't work together.'" 
"The world would be a better place if audiences recognized that storytelling is intellectual work." @Sisonkemsimang 
"There are two most powerful days in your life: the day you're born, and the day you discover why." 
7 lessons about finding the work you were meant to do:  
How to raise gutsy girls:  @carowriter
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
This list of books assigned to students everywhere will expand your horizons — and your bookshelves: 
Are you terrible at small talk? This radio host has some advice: 
#TED2019 will be LIVE on April 16 at 5pm PST! Tune in to watch the Audacious Project session, where 8 incredible speakers will share their bold, world-changing ideas. Mark your calendars now — you won’t want to miss it.
Here's how to prepare, the right way, for a stressful situation. 
We don't "move on" from grief. We move forward with it:  @noraborealis 
"A grieving person is going to laugh again and smile again. Yes, they're going to move forward. But that doesn't mean that they've moved on." @noraborealis 
Here's how to work on accepting something that is "good enough." 
In this episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, learn how to harness the incredible power of memory at work. 

Find it on @ApplePodcasts or wherever you listen:  
4 TED Talks to help you let go of perfection: 
"When we’re concerned about performing our best, we may try and control aspects of what we’re doing that are best left on autopilot. As a result, we mess up." 
These astonishing works of public art use curiosity and imagination to transform cities: 
This simple checklist app can help refugees start new lives: 
"If the future does not include being out there among the stars and being a multi-planet species, I find that incredibly depressing."

Why @ElonMusk wants @SpaceX to go to Mars:  
If you're scared to think about your finances, these TED Talks will help you take charge: 

If tax season is stressing you out, these TED Talks can help you take control of your finances: 

Here's how to master the art of office diplomacy, even with people you don't like: 
6 TED Talks to help you manage your money: 
Do you work with a jerk? Here are 6 things you can do: 

Do you have an office nemesis? Here's how to work with them productively. 
"There is a scourge of bad flags, and they must be stopped." 
One year ago, we launched @TheAudaciousPrj  — an initiative to help change-makers find the support to make their visions a reality. What’s happened since has been amazing. #TED2019 
An architect's quest to build funky skyscrapers:  
“Change-making does not belong to one group of people; it belongs to all of us.” 
"One of my suggestions for improving education is very basic: pay teachers like the professionals they are." 
Gorgeous photos of underwater sculptures, teeming with life:  
8 floating sculptures that will send your mind soaring:  
These Gummi Bears are on a mission to make you think:  
Astonishing photos of caves made from ice and snow:  
Fairy tales as you've never seen them before:  
11 must-watch TED Talks for parents: 
Huge, intricate patterns carved into the snow:  
Want to be emotionally strong? Stop trying to "stay positive."  @SusanDavid_PhD
Free up space in your mind with these tips from the creator of the Bullet Journal. 

"I hope that if your burden gets too heavy, you'll ask for a hand." 
The science is in. If your camera captures the moment, then your brain doesn’t.  
Remember back in the day when you did one thing at a time? You should try that again. 
How to talk about mental health without discrimination and stigma: 
The more our mind wanders, the less happy we can be. 
These 32 symbols made by early humans have a mysterious secret. 
Stop stalking your ex on social media. Seriously, stop. 
For those of us who thrive in quiet. 
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
“Devote yourself to love. Love yourself so much that you can love others without barriers and without judgment.” 
14 TED Talks to help you pursue your passions, even when it gets hard: 
"Algorithms don't make things fair. They repeat our past practices, our patterns. They automate the status quo." 
This weekend, let yourself get lost in your thoughts. 
70 books to read when you’re looking for a completely different perspective on life: 
Here's the motivation you need to get out of your comfort zone this weekend. 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
17 must-read books about leadership: 
An illuminating, if not slightly chilling, exploration of what makes a psychopath. 
Discover the art that made a million people pour onto the streets of London: 
Getting lucky in love isn’t like being struck by lightning — it’s a lot less random (and painful).

Get a realtime look at how beatboxers make such wild sounds:  
Meritocracy is a myth. This is the real key to getting ahead at work: 
The next time you need to apologize, give these four strategies a try. 
Here’s how to apologize:
1. Look them in the eye.
2. Explain why you are sorry.
3. Acknowledge why they were hurt.
4. Tell them what you will do differently next time. 

Wearable tech could change the lives of people with epilepsy. Here’s how it works: 
Here's our challenge for you. As much as you are able, take a step back from the apps and notifications that distract you from what matters. 
We would like to salute the weirdos who thought it would be a good idea to stick a camera down a beatboxer's throat and just see what happens. 
We're not perfect, but we're probably too hard on ourselves: 
"Getting access to the right resources and information can be the difference between life and death." 
"Our work helps restore the rights and the dignity that refugees lose throughout resettlement by giving them the resources that they need in order to help themselves." 
Strengthening your skepticism muscles will teach you a lot about the world. 
Why even morally upstanding people choose corruption: 
Stop arranging your entire life around what you think is wrong with you. 
"Confronted with a law that limits our ability to do what we want to do, most of us make a mental calculation: Do I need to obey this law, or can I get away with disobeying it?" 
There is surprising power in asking yourself: “What if there’s nothing wrong with me?” 
"Hard choices are hard not because of us or our ignorance; they're hard because there is no best option." 
Learn how to read faster without missing a detail. 
Does your company seem to have way more jerks than other places you've worked? 

Learn why on #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, now on @Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts:  
3 techniques to speed up your reading: 
Don't let self-doubt hold you back. These TED Talks can help you see yourself in a new light. 
Why you need a sponsor — not just a mentor — at work: 
This is how to build your life around joy: 
Skeptics are everywhere. This is what you can learn from their constant questions: 
You probably have a hunch about which one you are, but here's how your personality type impacts your work: 
Stuck between two options? Here's how to weigh them. 
How do you make a decision when both options seem equal? These tips will help you make the tough calls. 
"These things aren't joyful for just a few people; they're joyful for nearly everyone. They're universally joyful." 
"The way to grow your power is to give it away, and your voice is at the heart of your power." 
Don't get scammed. Learn how to spot a pyramid scheme: 
Every office has difficult people. In this episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, learn how to handle jerks in the workplace. 

Find it on @ApplePodcasts or wherever you listen.  
New research is investigating how a family's income changes a child's cognitive and emotional development:  @kimberlygnoble
This is the worst kind of praise to give: 
Why saying someone is "the best" is a terrible compliment: 
"What you’re actually doing here is comparing, not praising. You are attempting to prop people up by kicking others down." 
New research is investigating how a family's income changes a child's cognitive and emotional development: 
When you eat can be just as important as what you eat. 
How a single word can change your conversation: 
These TED Talks will help you process your burnout. 
Answer these 10 questions to find out how much perfectionism is holding you back. 
8 TED Talks on how to find, and be, a good mentor: 
These two simple lessons will help your kids be responsible with their money. 
Want to be a good friend? Erase this sentence from your vocabulary:  
“There’s very good evidence that shows when you confront people with a ton of facts that contradict their worldview, it actually causes them to hold their existing beliefs more strongly.”  
11 TED Talks to help you build your confidence: 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
"It is not reasonable to expect people to marry for love yet not to divorce for lack of love." 
As if you needed another reason to delete Tinder. 
The honest reasons why people write mean comments online:  @dylanmarron 
The surprising reason why you should show your weaknesses at work: 
Your rude coworkers are worse than you think. 
The 20 most popular TED Talks of all time... Have you seen them all? 
This advice will change how you read. 
"If you're not willing to lose your seat in Congress, there's really very little reason to be there." @bobinglis 
Which is more powerful, emotion or reason? 
"Women, I encourage you to acknowledge your fury. Give it language. Share it in safe places of identification and in safe ways. Your fury is not something to be afraid of. It holds lifetimes of wisdom." @TraceeEllisRoss 
Learn to forgive yourself for the moments when anxiety gets in your way: 
For centuries, authors like Jules Verne and H.G. Wells wrote stories about traveling to space. Here’s how those tales helped us get to the moon: 
Is your passion still making you happy? Don't be afraid to leave behind what no longer fits you.

Listen to #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, season two streaming now:  #MondayMotivation 
Self-improvement sounds great, but it can be hard to follow through. In the 100th episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers tackle the challenges of being a better you. 
5 TED speakers explore the illusion of time on this episode of the @TEDRadioHour. 

Cremation uses the natural gas equivalent of a 500-mile car trip. Here's a better option:  @TheGoodDeath
How to talk (and listen) to transgender people:   @jackisnotabird #TransDayOfVisibility #TDOV
"Whenever people ask me why trans people are suddenly everywhere, I just want to tell them that we've been here." @nourypublic #TransDayOfVisibility #TDOV 
"Turns out, if you spend most of your life working in the conservative religious world, coming out as transgender is not all that great for your career." #TransDayOfVisibility #TDOV  
How much of who we are is biology? How much is learned? And how much can we change? 

In this episode of The @TEDRadioHour, 4 TED speakers explore how our genes make us who we are. 
What's the secret to a longer life? Here are the best theories: 
This is how dogs went from aggressive wolves to humanity's first domesticated pets: 
If you're usually a Negative Nelly, this is for you. 
Recognizing these speech patterns can help you communicate more effectively: 
Learn how to allow yourself to grow without self-imposed constraints. 
“Being vulnerable gets the static out of the way and lets us do the job together, without worrying or hesitating.” 
Don't get overwhelmed by the 3,000 TED Talks in our archive. Let us do the work to find the ones that will inspire and transform you. Sign up for free here:  
11 TED Talks to help you through self-doubt: 
How much vulnerability should you show at work?  
The world is lying to you about your body. Teach your mind to see things differently: 
Trying to have a more hopeful outlook? Try this challenge: 
Did you know that you're 30 times more likely to laugh if you're with somebody else than if you're alone? 
This will help you figure out what you want to do with your life. 
In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers explore the effects of everyday and systemic racism in America — and how to defeat it. 
Stem cells could help you heal from a heart attack. Here's how: 
You may have more control over aging than you think. 
This is what's going on in your brain when you feel a "spark" with someone: 
Almost 150 million people worldwide are born intersex — with biology that doesn't fit the standard definition of male or female. Let’s finally break the silence.  @emilord
"Exercise is the most transformative thing that you can do for your brain today." @wasuzuki 
Knowing more than one language keeps your brain healthy, complex and actively engaged. 
It’s time to redefine what’s good, healthy and attractive on our own terms: 
How we’re using quantum computing to make encryption better: 
The radical possibilities of man-made DNA:  @RomesbergLab 
How I use Minecraft to help kids with autism:  @autismfather #WorldAutismAwarenessDay #AutismAcceptance 
"Share your truths. Listen to one another's truths. You will discover a more powerfully uniting truth in the middle ground." 
"Trans people are not new. Gender variance is older than you think, and trans people are part of that legacy." @nourypublic 
See how the rest of the world lives, organized by income:  @AnnaGapminder 
"Telling the truth should not be a revolutionary act." @Luvvie 
"Over and over throughout history, people in power have used fear to silence truth and dissent." 
"Whenever people ask me why trans people are suddenly everywhere, I just want to tell them that we've been here." @nourypublic 
The simple truth about good parenting: 
11 TED Talks to watch if you're doubting yourself: 
This is how you can help your kid navigate technology: 
What happens to privacy when we can read people’s minds? 

Having a hard time pronouncing someone's name? Here's what to do: 

1. Be humble and admit you're having difficulty.
2. If you hear someone mispronounce another person's name, kindly correct them. 
3. Don't change their name just because you can't say it.

A short history of trans people's long fight for equality:  @nourypublic 
🧬 Calling all science nerds! 🧬

Join our TED Science Club on Facebook, where you can chat about new discoveries, participate in exclusive Q&amp;As with TED speakers, and ponder the extraordinary: 

Here's TED science curator @dbiello on what to expect. 
Thinking about quitting social media? This man has never had a social media account — and shares 3 reasons why you should join him: 
If you've ever used Microsoft Excel, you have this guy to thank: 
Bacteria "talk" to each other, sending chemical information to coordinate attacks. What if we could listen to what they were saying? 
The quest for work-life balance doesn't work. There's a better way:  @staceyabrams @PicadorUSA
Happy #WorldTheatreDay! Here are 9 passionate TED Talks for theater geeks: 
Missing out on TED? Let us do the work to find the talks that will inspire and transform you. Sign up for free here:  
Help yourself thrive in stressful situations. 
Learn how to stop being stressed about being stressed: 
These are the amazing brain benefits of learning a new language: 
Stress is unavoidable. Here are some tips to help you manage it in a healthy way. 
Learn why “follow your passion” is actually terrible advice for your career on this week's episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, now available on Stitcher or wherever you listen:  
"People want to do work that means something. After they do it, they should be free to move on. Careers are journeys. Nobody's going to want to do the same thing for 60 years." @pattymccord1 
“Do what you love” is often terrible advice. Instead of taking the job that will make you happiest, look for the one where you’ll learn the most. 

Find #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant on @ApplePodcasts or wherever you listen.  
This teenager was diagnosed with Tourette's syndrome at age six, and she struggled for years to find the right treatment. But then she noticed something amazing: whenever she played music, her involuntary tics suddenly went away. 
How to harness the power of not winning: 
"I reject the idea of work-life balance. The phrase is a bald-faced lie, designed to hang over the human psyche like the Sword of Damocles." @staceyabrams @PicadorUSA 
Didn't quite reach a goal? Here's how to turn that disappointment into the fire that pushes you further: 
"Special Olympics teaches the world that people with intellectual disabilities deserve respect and inclusion." — Special Olympics champion and ambassador Matthew Williams 
This company is so dedicated to remote working that they literally don't have an office. 

Here's why a "distributed" workforce is better for business — and employees:  @photomatt
There's more to all of us than meets the eye. 
Do you have a professional rival? Competing with a friendly nemesis can push you to do your best work. #WorkLife 
Instead of aiming for work-life balance, play work-life Jenga. Here's how: 
Current treatments for depression and PTSD only suppress symptoms, if they work at all. What if we could prevent these diseases from developing altogether? @RebeccaBrachman 
Don't get overwhelmed by the 3,000 TED Talks in our archive. Let us do the work to find the ones that will inspire and transform you! Sign up for free here:  
7 TED Talks to watch if you need help opening up: 
If your brain is a mess of work and life to-do's, these straightforward steps can help you focus.

"If you raise your level of positivity, then your brain performs significantly better. Your intelligence rises, your creativity rises, your energy levels rise." 
“We think we have to be successful, then we’ll be happier. But our brains work in the opposite order." 
Ever see something floating across your field of vision? These are the facts you need to know about floaters: 
We all need a little reminder of the good things in the world. 
"Your employees are adults. We've created so many processes and guidelines to keep employees in place that we've ended up with systems that treat people like they're children. They're not. Fully formed adults walk in the door every single day." 
If you yawned while reading this tweet, congratulations! Your mirror neurons are working. 
“It’s cheaper to educate than to incarcerate. If we don’t want to keep recycling people into and out of an expensive system, then education is key.” 
"If you are someone who has contemplated or attempted suicide, or you know somebody who has, talk about it." 
How did the pencil become so... perfect? @cwpencils explains:  
"Infidelity doesn’t necessarily signal an unhappy relationship." 
This is how your childhood impacts your DNA: 
"Overwork doesn’t just exhaust employees. It can also sap a company’s profits and saddle taxpayers with hidden costs." 
Learn how to cultivate a healthy dose of skepticism: 
52 books worth reading, as recommended by Bill Gates, Susan Cain and more… 
10 wild theories that could explain this star's strange behavior: 
The relationship between the Earth and the Moon is unlike anything else in our solar system. This groundbreaking theory explains what makes it so special: 
Breaking eye contact is everything. 
Want to fight terrorism? Don't buy knock-off purses and watches. 
The new age of corporate monopolies:  @vestager
12 #TEDTalks for when you wish you could go back to college:  
These fish are.... we don't even know what's happening here. 
Watch until the end for a big surprise! 
3 questions to ask yourself about everything you do:  @staceyabrams 
What we can teach boys about strength: 
10 TED Talks to help you break your writer's block: 
"I wish every girl finds the gold within her. She finds so much gold within that it shines on the entire world." @ektaravikapoor 
Life is a lot weirder than meets the eye. These TED Talks explain some of the oddities you may have overlooked. 
Want to be emotionally strong? Stop trying to "stay positive."  @SusanDavid_PhD
These determined folks tried something new for 365 days and reported back. 
Well, this explains a lot. 
“'Why' questions trap us in our past; 'what' questions help us create a better future."  
Asking yourself these seven questions can help you do the things that scare you: 
"It's uncomfortable to not believe things." The logical basis for believing in conspiracies: 
The emotional cost of trying to change the world: 
"Success is about trying to identify a path, and then blazing a trail forward." @pfpicardi 
How babies make decisions with a surprisingly strong sense of logic: 
Answer these questions, then draw. 
The next time you need to apologize, give these four strategies a try. 
Think twice the next time you say someone is "nice." 
Take a short break to appreciate the wonder of nature:  
Solar panels you'll actually want to put in your house: 
4 questions to spark thought-provoking conversations: 
"Breathe slowly, don't try to blink, don't be self-conscious. Be relaxed." 
Do you ever order clothes online in different sizes and colors just to try them on and then send back what doesn't work? Yeah, maybe stop doing that. 
Ask yourself this question every time you pick up your phone: 
Why are our teeth so strong, and what is enamel made of? @TED_ED explains: 
"Your fears distort your reality. Under the warped logic of fear, anything is better than the uncertain. Fear fills the void at all costs, passing off what you dread for what you know substituting assumption for reason." 
The string theory explainer you've been waiting for: 
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
"Emotions and logic do not oppose each other. They complement each other, and they reinforce each other." 
Want to be a great communicator? Break these 4 bad habits:  
"We cannot have a society in which, if two people wish to communicate, the only way that can happen is if it's financed by a third person who wishes to manipulate them." 
From brain breaks to fidget spinners, this public school is changing how teachers can help disruptive students. 
Why former President Jimmy Carter believes the mistreatment of women is the number one human rights abuse: 
Ditch your business cards. On this week's episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, learn better strategies for building your network. 

Find it now on @ApplePodcasts, or wherever you listen:  
"We stand today on the threshold of the post-antibiotic era, when simple infections will kill people once again." 
"The future you has to be a you that loves. Otherwise it will cease to flourish." @iamsrk 
This is how @TheOnion brainstorms a great joke: 
“If you don’t design your life, someone else will design it for you." 
"One of the things I know as a historian is that you should never underestimate human stupidity." 
"You can chase your dreams at any age; you're never too old." 
"The greatest originals are the ones who fail the most, because they're the ones who try the most." 
"Stories matter. Stories can break the dignity of a people, but stories can also repair that broken dignity." 
"If you’re going to have an argument with someone, the best way to do it is to assume they can teach you something." 
"The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult, but rather better adults than you have been." 
"We can't practice compassion with other people if we can't treat ourselves kindly." 
@mollylyons Hey Molly! Women weren't originally in the Harvard Happiness Study because the school was still all-male when it started in 1938, but female participants have since been added to the research as well.
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
For over 75 years, this famous study has tracked the lives of 724 men. This was the strongest predictor they found of a happy and healthy life.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  #InternationalDayOfHappiness 
Good news! There is real hope for the bees. 
When it comes to your sex life, it's easy to worry that you aren't normal. These steps can help you tackle your insecurities: 
Save your mental energy for the stuff that really matters. 
If you frequently forget people's names even though they told you minutes ago, this is for you: 
Networking doesn't have to suck. On this episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, learn better strategies for making connections that matter. 

Find it now on @ApplePodcasts, or wherever you listen:  
What it's like to be Muslim in America right now:  
Why this artist repaints houses destined for demolition: 
There's a better way to make decisions besides trusting your gut:

Stress can give us the energy to perform at our best, but too much of it has some surprising effects on our bodies. 
3 helpful coping strategies to help you navigate anxiety. 
Why I turned Chicago's abandoned homes into art:  
Learn to forgive yourself for the moments when anxiety gets in your way: 
Make your next weather-related conversation more interesting with these TED Talks. 
12 TED Talks about the weather you'll actually want to talk about: 
Become someone who people want to network with. On this episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, learn how to build connections that matter. 

Find it now on @ApplePodcasts, or wherever you listen:  
Fill in the chart to see what's in the way of your happiness:

1. What are you doing that you want to do?
2. What are you not doing that you want to do?
3. What are you doing that you don’t want to do?
4. What are you not doing that you don’t want to do?

 
Shockingly, several people shouting ideas in a room is not the best way to brainstorm. Here’s how @TheOnion cracked the code on creativity: 
"Science is at its best when it dares to be human." @BadAstronomer 
"The ultimate goal of science is to understand objective reality the best way we know how, and that's based on evidence." @BadAstronomer 
"The price of doing science is admitting when you're wrong, but the payoff is the best there is: knowledge and understanding." @BadAstronomer 
Should companies give employees time off to deal with emotional pain? 
Why people mail me their secrets: 
"Science is a process. It's a way of thinking." @BadAstronomer 
Your thinking patterns impact how you see yourself. Here's how to work through some of the ones that don't serve you. 
"Overwork doesn’t just exhaust employees, it can sap a company’s profits and saddle taxpayers with hidden costs." 
7 TED Talks to lift your mood: 
Feeling overwhelmed? You're not the only one. 
If your brain is a mess of work and life to-do's, these straightforward steps can help you focus. #MondayMotivation

This talk is a lovely reminder to be kind to yourself: 
12 TED Talks that will restore your faith in humanity:  
"Your employees are adults. We've created so many processes and guidelines to keep employees in place that we've ended up with systems that treat people like they're children. They're not. Fully formed adults walk in the door every single day." 
Why do so many of us hate math? In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers explore the myths we tell ourselves about math — and how you can discover its beauty: 
"Healing is about acknowledging pain and making peace with it." @lizogbu 
This very good doggo named Tule flunked out of a job with US Customs and Border Patrol. Now she helps researchers study black-footed ferrets in in Wyoming.

Learn more about the hardworking pups of Working Dogs for Conservation:  
Solve all your ketchup-related problems with a little science. 
This device recycles air pollution like diesel fumes into useable black ink — and makes the world just a bit cleaner in the process: 
A charming story of an Arctic seal that fell in love with a photographer:  
"The gray areas are where you find the complexity, the humanity, and the truth." 
There's a lot to love about monster prime numbers: 
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
Movies like "Juno," "Little Miss Sunshine" and "Slumdog Millionaire" almost didn't get made — until The Black List. 

This is how one list changed where Hollywood looks for talent: 
“There’s very good evidence that shows when you confront people with a ton of facts that contradict their worldview, it actually causes them to hold their existing beliefs more strongly.”  
What do you wish more parents talked about? 
Why we must recognize — and stand against — extremism and white supremacy:  @deborahlipstadt
"We cannot be beguiled by rational appearances. We've got to look underneath — we will find there the extremism." 
Students around the world are striking today to demand action on climate change. Many were inspired by 16-year-old @GretaThunberg, who was just nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.

Watch Greta's full TED Talk here:  #ClimateStrike 
Why Islamophobia makes the world less safe for all of us: 
"We have a system of justice in this country that treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent." 
"What kind of person likes working more than being at home? Me." @shondarhimes 
It's time for Music History 101. 
"Poetry and grace can be found in the words of people all around us when we simply take the time to listen." 
"We parents seem to behave -- it's like we literally think they will have no future if they don't get into one of these tiny set of colleges or careers we have in mind for them." @DeanJulie 
Take a music break with the one and only @SaraRamirez. 
Simple advice from a criminal defense attorney on how to give a good apology: 
How this nursing home cracked the code on thriving in old age: 
From curating social media feeds to getting into the perfect college, our obsession with perfectionism is getting worse. Here’s how it hurts our health: 
Happy #PiDay! Get to know everyone's favorite irrational number:  via @TED_ED #314Day
A precise, three-word address for every place on earth:  @what3words @ChrisSheldrick2 
This lie-detection technology could someday reveal our hidden emotions. 
How a single word can change your conversation: 
A moving talk about a daughter's love — and of letting go and finding peace. 
7 simple leadership lessons from music: 
Beautiful new words to describe obscure emotions:  @ObscureSorrows 
Having a professional rival sounds irritating, but friendly competition can push you to do your best work. Learn why you should befriend your rivals in this week's #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant.  
Listen now for free on @ApplePodcasts:  
The relationship between the Earth and the Moon is unlike anything else in our solar system. This groundbreaking theory explains what makes it so special: 
What kind of maniac asks for a "burger refill"? This guy: 
Where did the Moon come from? A new theory:  
The transformative power of classical music:  @BenjaminZander
QUIZ: Can you match the US presidents to their famous words? 
"I'm kind of obsessed with flags." And now you will be too. 
Do hangry, defriend and adorkable count as "real" words? 
These are the apps that suck up your time and happiness:  @adamleealter
"Let’s move beyond shallow 'awareness' of autism to appreciate autistic people in the fullness of their humanity." 
Why educators must love and lead fearlessly: 
"I realized that the man who I loved so much was going to kill me." 
7 TED Talks to help you find a career you really love: 
One or two days a week is probably the ideal amount of time to work from home. 
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
We would like to salute the weirdos who thought it would be a good idea to stick a camera down a beatboxer's throat and just see what happens. 
"You don't have to go to one of the brand name schools to be happy and successful in life. Happy and successful people went to state school, went to a small college no one has heard of, went to community college." 
It's not healthy to over-parent your kids because you're obsessed with getting them into Harvard or Yale.  

(We also don't recommend committing crimes to get your kids into college, but that didn't seem necessary to include in the TED Talk at the time.) 
Our unhealthy obsession with getting kids into college:  @DeanJulie
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original."

Watch @SirKenRobinson's classic TED Talk about how schools can nurture creativity: 

And catch Sir Ken tomorrow (3/13) on @CBSThisMorning between 7-9 a.m. EST! 
In this village, everyone has dementia — and a chance to live their own life: 
What a beatboxer's vocal cords look like in action:  @TomThummer 
Having a professional rival sounds irritating, but friendly competition can drive you to do your best work. Learn why you should befriend your rivals in this week's #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant. 

Download now on @ApplePodcasts or wherever you listen:  
5 irrational thinking patterns that could be dragging you down:  
This is disgustingly cool. Just trust us.  @TomThummer
"Instead of looking for hope, look for action. Then, and only then, hope will come. We can't save the world by playing by the rules, because the rules have to be changed. Everything needs to change, and it has to start today." @GretaThunberg 
Sorry!! 
"When we think of the kind of inheritance that we want to leave to our children or our grandchildren, think of leaving them a legacy of justice." 
How would you prefer to spend the last years of your life: in a sterile, hospital-like institution or in a village with a supermarket, pub, theater and park within easy walking distance? 
This is what a nursing home based on freedom, meaning and social life looks like: 
"Just by listening and being kind to somebody, you have the ability to make a difference in their lives." @blazinwv 
"We have to live simply, so that others can simply live." 
Inside the world’s best nursing home for people with dementia: 
Stop saying you're sorry, unless you're actually apologizing for doing something wrong. 

(Or unless you're Canadian. We don't want to risk the ire of Canadians.) 
Get more sleep, Arianna Huffington says so! #NationalNappingDay 
How crafting can be a form of protest: 
When we needlessly apologize, we end up making ourselves small and diminishing what we’re trying to express. 
3 ways to be a good coworker to the women in your office: 
"The secret to high performance isn't rewards and punishments, but that unseen intrinsic drive: the drive to do things for their own sake. The drive to do things cause they matter." #MondayMotivation 
Find your purpose and give life everything you've got. #MondayMotivation 
Start your work week off right:  #MondayMotivation
This "dementia village" is redefining elder care:  
Learn how to harness the creative power of your workday frustrations on #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant. 

Download now on @ApplePodcasts or wherever you listen:  #MondayMotivation 
We need to make it safe for girls to fail: 
Want to shorten your to-do list? Start writing your to-don't list. Here's some inspiration from #WorkLife's @AdamMGrant: 
In the US, the very same blood test can cost $19 at one clinic and $522 at another clinic just blocks away — and nobody knows the difference until they get a bill weeks later. This journalist is making that data public: 
How to build a company where the best ideas win:  @RayDalio 
“The problem with stereotypes is not that they are untrue, but that they are incomplete. They make one story become the only story.” 
Here's why public speaking can make some people feel like they're fighting for their lives: 
Do the artist's plans and motivations affect the meaning of a work of art, or is it completely up to the viewer? 
Parents, stop trying to raise happy kids:

Here's what's on the menu for your future self: 
Take a moment to think of a few things you could cross off your to-do list — forever. Shed the responsibilities, habits and hobbies that use up your time in ways you don’t love. Call it your “to-don’t” list. 
This is why people join cults: 
Life is a lot weirder than meets the eye. These TED Talks explain some of the oddities you may have overlooked. 
The simple truth about good parenting: 
"Easy answers to complex questions are very appealing when you are emotionally vulnerable."  
No one's salary should be a secret. 
So here's a fun question: How does the mammalian erection work? 
Short on time? These talks are 3 minutes or less: 
3 mathematically verified tips to improve your love life: 
A crash course in how to recognize deception: 
"The women of @GirlTrek are walking through the streets with a light that cannot be extinguished." @TheAudaciousPrj 
"A child's happiness is a very unfair burden to place on a parent. And happiness is an even more unfair burden to place on a kid." 
9 tips to take care of yourself in challenging times: 
Have six minutes to spare? Plenty of time to learn 40 Chinese characters:  
Feeling stuck? It's time to reinvent yourself. 
What the longest study on childhood tells us about parenting: 
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
10 powerful TED Talks to honor #InternationalWomensDay: 
23 incredible books recommended by female TED speakers:  #InternationalWomensDay
"When we’re frustrated, we reject the status quo, question the way things have always been done, and search for new and improved methods." @AdamMGrant #WorkLife 
On #InternationalWomensDay, we're grateful for another one of our heroes, @TaranaBurke, the founder of the #MeToo movement.

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
@kaysarahsera Thank you, it took us several drafts.
"I use mathematical thinking to help me understand arguments and to empathize with other people." @DrEugeniaCheng 
@JMASmith2484 @kaysarahsera Don't worry Joel, it's a poem!
"Never ask permission to save your own life. It is our fundamental right as human beings to solve our own problems." @GirlTrek @TheAudaciousPrj 
"If I should have a daughter, instead of "Mom," she's going to call me "Point B," because that way she knows that no matter what happens, at least she can always find her way to me." @kaysarahsera #InternationalWomensDay

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Free up space in your mind with these tips from the creator of the Bullet Journal. 

Please don't try to do this. 
A useful crash course in recognizing deception: 
Learn how to value yourself and stop feeling like you're not good enough: 
GirlTrek is taking a page from Septima Clark's playbook to launch a health revolution in the US — and get one million women walking for justice. @TheAudaciousPrj  
Here's what @AdamMGrant cut from his to-do list so he could get more done — and have more time for happiness. #WorkLife 
For these women, reading is an act of daring:  #WorldBookDay 
“We want it both ways: we want love to feel like madness, and we want it to last an entire lifetime. That sounds terrible.”

Watch @LenMandy's full TED Talk here:  
The most powerful woman you've never heard of:  @GirlTrek @TheAudaciousPrj
The books that students are required to read in 28 countries around the world:  #WorldBookDay 
Humans lose roughly 40,000 skin cells per hour, so how do tattoos stick around? 
Forget hard drives and the cloud, here’s how we can store computer files in DNA: 
"If you talk to a depressed person as if their life is just as valuable, intense and beautiful as yours, then there’s no need to build a bridge between you, because you’ve closed the chasm."

Watch @ITSystemsMan's full TED Talk here:  
Find out why experts have been puzzled by this incredible book for over a century. 

How we can store digital data in DNA:  @dinazielinski 
Learn how to harness the creative power of frustrated people to shake up the status quo at work.

#WorkLife with @AdamMGrant is back for Season 2, available now! Listen now for free on @ApplePodcasts:  
These bricks made out of ashes are helping people rebuild their homes in Gaza: 
Take off your headphones, quit your map applications and go for a slow stroll through your neighborhood. You'll be glad you did. 
What would you like to be remembered for?
This ornate 240-page book from the 1400s is one of history's biggest unsolved mysteries. The reason why? No one can figure out what it says. 

5 TED Talks to help you tap into your inner potential: 
It's not just you, everyone feels like they are faking it sometimes. 
These TED Talks can help you answer the question: "What do you want to be when you grow up?" 
Disappointed with democracy? Try automating politicians. 
A bold idea to replace politicians:  @cesifoti 
What if we replaced politicians with AI representatives trained to vote based on your values?
If we want to effectively respond to climate change, we need to understand the complex relationship between humans and glaciers. 
Answer these 10 questions to find out how much perfectionism is holding you back. 
@MontereyAq 
Ever wake up with the sinking feeling that you’re behind before your day has even started? 

Here's how to beat your morning dread: 
How I'm making bricks out of ashes and rubble in Gaza:  @MajdMashharawi 
Learn how to harness the creative power of your workday frustrations on this week's episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant. 

Download now on @ApplePodcasts or wherever you listen:  
@AbhijitBhaduri @AdamMGrant @DisneyPixar @TheIncredibles @LisaBodell @snurmo @NicolePGrindle @benkohlmann Abhijit, this is amazing! Thank you for sharing!
The architect behind some of the world’s most famous buildings shares what gives a building "soul." 
Practical money advice from a self-taught financial advisor:  
Learn how to praise the ones you love without comparing them to other people: 
These two simple lessons will help your kids be responsible with their money. 
3 ways to keep love and lust alive in a relationship: 
This talk is a lovely reminder to be kind to yourself: 
These tips can help you make sure you’re eating because you’re hungry, and not just because you’re bored. 
Why everyone should be guaranteed a basic income:  @rcbregman
"Talent and intelligence are equally distributed throughout the world. But opportunity is not." @photomatt 
"I hope that if your burden gets too heavy, you'll ask for a hand." 
"Only dead people never get stressed, never get broken hearts, never experience the disappointment that comes with failure. Tough emotions are part of our contract with life." @SusanDavid_PhD 
This list of books assigned to students everywhere will expand your horizons — and your bookshelves: 
Want to be a good friend? Erase this sentence from your vocabulary:  
Can luck be controlled, is it random, or is it based on something else entirely? In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers explore why some people seem so much luckier than others. 
Befriending your neighbors could help you live longer. 
"From Harriet Tubman to the women in Montgomery, when black women walk, things change." @MorganTreks @GirlTrek #WomensHistoryMonth 
"Your employees are adults. We've created so many processes and guidelines to keep employees in place that we've ended up with systems that treat people like they're children. They're not. Fully formed adults walk in the door every single day." 
These robots can look for survivors in places that emergency responders can't reach. 
The political progress women have made — and what's next:  @CecileRichards #WomensHistoryMonth 
"We really are living in an age of miracle and wonder. We're lucky to be alive today. We're lucky to see this stuff." @EvolvingJuan 
Lindy Lou Isonhood supported capital punishment until she served on the jury of a murder trial. After the court delivered a guilty verdict, something inside of her changed. This is her story: 
In the 1800s, Ida B. Wells exposed the terrors of lynching in the United States. This is her story: 
We don't trust institutions... and yet we get into cars with strangers all the time. Here's how trust is changing:  @rachelbotsman
Women deserve the respect of recognition from trustworthy public sources like museums.
 #WomensHistoryMonth
Is your country at risk of becoming a dictatorship? Here's how to know:  @Farida_N 
These 6 pioneering women helped create modern computers:  #WomensHistoryMonth
Why AI should stand for “alien intelligence”: 
How one journalist risked her life to hold murderers accountable: 
Why Double Dutch jump rope is a powerful symbol for black women:  #WomensHistoryMonth 
Put your bot-sniffing skills to the test. 
Opening up helps you build healthier, stronger relationships with others — and yourself. These TED Talks can help you do it: 
Trust us, these are some of our hidden gems. 
The three things you need to make a marriage work, and how to spot them while you're dating: 
When you eat can be just as important as what you eat. 
"You need to keep your body on its schedule so it can prepare itself for what it needs to do."  
"A human being can never be broken. Technology is broken. Technology is inadequate." 
You should keep a journal to track your goals and successes. Here's why: 
Stress is unavoidable. Here's how to change the way you handle it: 
"Death, of course, is not a failure. Death is normal. Death may be the enemy, but it is also the natural order of things." 

Worried about smart machines taking over the world? Here's what we need to think about first: 
This song was mathematically engineered to be as ugly as possible. 
Get to know every element on the periodic table with this helpful guide: 
For when you've deleted every social media app on your phone but it's still not enough. 
Ever see little things moving across your field of vision? This is what causes those little floaty things: 
Want to be healthier? Start by seeking out a quieter life. 
15 underrated TED Talks that you should make time for: 
This is where middle managers are learning bad habits — and how to change that: 
"By doing nothing, you are actually being your most productive and creative self. It might feel weird and uncomfortable at first, but boredom truly can lead to brilliance." 
"There’s no escaping the tragedy of life, which is that we are all aging from the day we are born."

These are instant red flags: 
These mysterious fossils are forcing us to rethink where we come from — and what it means to be human. 
How a new species of ancestors is changing our theory of human evolution:  @juliet_brophy 
From enduring 180,000 bed bug bites to living in a cave for 210 days, these are the most unsettling things people have done in the name of scientific research. 
This is the healthy way to welcome stress into your life: 
“No country is destined to be oppressed, while at the same time, no country or no people are immune to oppression and dictatorship.” @Farida_N 
9 TED Talks to inspire you to make art: 
Break out of your creative block with these colorful TED Talks about art and the people who make it.  
The case for getting to know your neighbors. 
It's #WomensHistoryMonth! Celebrate with these badass TED Talks on modern feminism:  
How we’re using quantum computing to make encryption better: 
"Togo has been ruled by the same family for 51 years, making us the oldest autocracy in Africa. That's a record. We have a second-coolest record: we have been ranked three times as the unhappiest country on earth. You are all invited." @Farida_N 
"Acknowledge the gains of freedom that you have today, because some people had to give their lives for you to have it. Don't take this for granted." @Farida_N 
"Dictators feed on propaganda. They like giving the impression that they are the saviors, and without them, the country will fall apart. And they are always fighting some foreign forces." @Farida_N 
"It is the stories of resistance, the stories of defiance, the stories of resilience, that inspire people to get involved, not the stories of abuse and killings and hurt, because as humans, it's only natural for us to be scared." @Farida_N 
5 ways to get to know your neighborhood: 
5 ways to have a productive wander: 
Going for a walk can shift your perspective. Here's how to open your mind the next time you go for a stroll: 
We're thrilled to share our amazing lineup of speakers who will take the stage at #TED2019. Whose TED Talk are you most excited to see?  
This simple invention to prevent stampedes could save thousands of lives. Here's how it works:  @1geek0
You've probably taken aspirin or ibuprofen for everyday aches and pains, but do you know how these pain relievers actually work? 
"Once we dispense with shame, we are liberated to experience the full, sacred, unlikely wackiness of being human." @rushkoff 
This radical new breakthrough will pack even more computing power into your phone's computer chips: 
"The things people do become normal when they can’t be shamed into silence about doing them." @rushkoff 
Here's how the magic of a sale can make you throw your budget out the window and end up with a shirt you're never going to wear. 
How to stop waking up in a panic every morning: 
"The social convention of hiding one’s wealth or lack of it has less to do with protecting one another’s feelings than protecting the power of our superiors." @rushkoff 
These whimsical bamboo houses are sustainably made — and beautiful. 
@Hyacinthblue_ We gotchu. 
Forget about the world ending, here's how the universe could end! 
This is how sales trick you into buying things you don't need: 
These two simple lessons will help your kids be responsible with their money. 
Stop taking office drama home with you. Here's how: 
Scientists use CRISPR to edit genes... but what does that actually mean? Here’s how it works: 
This is your brain on sugar. 
Say goodbye to that shaky, dry voice you only seem to have when you're nervous. 
4 tips for learning new things quickly: 
Here's how to keep your voice calm and strong — even when you feel the opposite. 
"Side hustles are about embracing that hope that we can be the ones making the decisions in how we spend our work lives." @sidehustlepro 
"Most of the black ink that we use conventionally is produced by burning fossil fuels in factories."

This inventor is working on a way to create ink from air pollution instead. Here's how: 
"Where do you feel useful to this world? Because the answer to that question is where you will find your voice and your freedom." @ashweethashetty 
“There’s no system in power anywhere in this world that is begging for someone to come change it." @SymoneDSanders 
"I believe that all of us are born into a reality that we blindly accept until something awakens us and a new world opens up." @ashweethashetty 
A playlist for the TED Talk phase of your post-breakup wallowing. 
"Many of us have been told 'Work hard and keep your head down'; 'Good things come to those who wait'… or some variation. Well, if we were living in a perfect world, those statements might be true, but we’re not and they aren’t." 
Lindy Lou Isonhood supported capital punishment until she served on the jury of a murder trial. After the court delivered a guilty verdict, something inside of her changed. This is her story: 
@IKnowDino 
What it's really like to live with ADHD:  @HowtoADHD
"We had just sentenced a man to death. Now what? Just go home and wash dishes?" 
The three things you need to make a marriage work, and how to spot them while you're dating: 
If you need help learning how to back off at work, start here. 
How to cure micromanagement at work: 
In 1963, Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his "I Have a Dream" speech at the March on Washington to nearly a quarter million people. None of it would have been possible without the march's chief organizer – a man named Bayard Rustin. #BlackHistoryMonth 
3 ways to build a happy marriage and avoid divorce:  
Learn how life experiences shape the way our genes are expressed — and what that means for our understanding of gender. 
"You don’t just 'find' your calling — you have to fight for it." 
These books will help you figure out how to motivate yourself:  #MondayMotivation
"Finding my use has helped me to break free from being boxed, caged and bottled. Finding my use has helped me to find my voice, my self-worth and my freedom." @ashweethashetty 
"A side hustle is different from a second job. A second job is about necessity. While a side hustle can certainly bring in extra income, it's more aspirational. Side hustle captures a certain kind of scrappy, entrepreneurial spirit." @sidehustlepro 
"The word 'side hustle' has its roots in popular African American newspapers. In the 1920s, these papers used the word 'hustle' to refer to some kind of scam. By the 1950s, they were using 'side hustle' to refer to legitimate work, too." @sidehustlepro 
"Organizations that have a lot of happy employees have three times the revenue growth, compared to organizations where that's not true. They outperform the stock market by a factor of three." @MBushGPTW 
Many of us hold deeply ingrained beliefs about ourselves that are simply not true. This is how you can free yourself from the stories that are holding you down: 

"It's not about ping-pong tables and massages and pet walking. It's not about the perks. It's all about how they're treated by their leaders and by the people that they work with." @MBushGPTW 

This is what makes employees happy at work: 
These fascinating talks offer fresh perspectives on black identity, in honor of #BlackHistoryMonth: 
This TED Talk starts by discussing if a T-Rex could bite through a car and ends with whether or not we're at risk of mass extinction. You'll love every second of it. 
Why vaccinate? To protect the people who can’t: 
Opening up helps you build healthier, stronger relationships with others — and yourself. These TED Talks can help you do it: 
"How is it possible that we landed on the moon and walked around 29 years before we discovered the anatomy of the clitoris?" 

Congratulations to @AlexHonnold and the whole #FreeSolo team on winning the Oscar for Best Documentary Feature!

Watch Alex's hair-raising TED Talk about climbing Yosemite's El Capitan, one of the most dangerous free solo climbs ever:  #Oscars 
"Your employees are adults. We've created so many processes and guidelines to keep employees in place that we've ended up with systems that treat people like they're children. They're not. Fully formed adults walk in the door every single day." 
"People want to do work that means something. After they do it, they should be free to move on. Careers are journeys. Nobody's going to want to do the same thing for 60 years." @pattymccord1 
"I need to do everything in my power to eradicate racism in my lifetime."  #BlackHistoryMonth
"Everyone in your company should be able to handle the truth." @pattymccord1 
“We’re big enough to know about these things because these problems are happening where we live. And we have the right to talk about them because it will be our life in the future.”

This company is so dedicated to remote working that they literally don't have an office. 

Here's why a "distributed" workforce is better for business — and employees:  @photomatt
How to teach kids to talk about taboo topics:  
"What’s the first movie you ever saw in a movie theater?” 
Dan Clay was worried about being dismissed as "too gay" at work, so he dialed down his personality. But then his alter ego, Carrie Dragshaw, went viral online. Here's what happened next. 
"The idea that black people have had no impact on history is one of the foundational ideas of white supremacy. It's the reason that we continue to celebrate #BlackHistoryMonth in the US every February." @ProfessorCrunk 
"Your savings behavior isn't a question of how smart you are or how much willpower you have. The amount we save depends on the environmental cues around us." @wdlrosa 
Applying for jobs online is one of the worst digital experiences of our time. And applying for jobs in person really isn't much better. 
If you yawned while reading this tweet, congratulations! Your mirror neurons are working. 
We love you, you beautiful mess. 
"Every company needs to be excited for change. Beware of the smoke of nostalgia." @pattymccord1 
"Being your own boss takes discipline. Self-made millionaires tend to have one big trait in common: they make decisions, hold themselves accountable and push through in the face of challenges." @sidehustlepro 
For when you need a little help showing others who you really are: 
You're not the only person your smart device is talking to. Here's what they're saying about you: 
18 TED Talks to help you deal with the internet when it's driving you nuts: 
18 TED Talks to help you navigate your digital life: 
Most of us will do anything to avoid being wrong. But what if we're wrong about that?
These tips can help you free yourself from the stories that no longer serve you. 
If your brain is a mess of work and life to-do's, these straightforward steps can help you focus.

"The clitoris is not a button, it is an iceberg." Everything you never knew about the clitoris: 

The case for cliteracy: 
Why does your mouth feel like it's on fire when you eat spicy food? 
7 TED Talks to watch if you need help opening up: 
Didn't quite reach a goal? Here's how to turn that disappointment into the fire that pushes you further: 
"How is it possible that we landed on the moon and walked around 29 years before we discovered the anatomy of the clitoris?"  
How to harness the power of not winning: 
Everything you've ever wanted to know about spicy food. 
Why everyone experiences pain differently, and why it matters: 
Ever see something floating across your field of vision? These are the facts you need to know about floaters: 
The next time you want to endlessly scroll social media, let yourself be bored instead. It'll greatly improve your creativity.  
Whether you're looking for a career change or just getting started, learn how to navigate it all. 
5 steps to cut down your mental to-do list: 

“Sí, se puede!” @DoloresHuerta came up this famous rallying cry as a young activist in the 1970s. Today she reflects on her life and legacy. 
Why failure is better for you than success: 
How to overcome apathy and find your power:   @DoloresHuerta 
What "intersectionality" means and why it's so important, according to the civil rights advocate who invented the term:  @sandylocks
"Everyone in your company should understand the business." @pattymccord1 
"Employees want to be treated the same, regardless of their rank or their tenure or their age or their experience or their job category, compared to anyone else." @MBushGPTW 
“When we have these conversations with students at a young age, it actually takes away some of that taboo feeling when those topics come up at a later age.” 

If lying means making more money, what motivates people to tell the truth? 
Should workplace couples keep their relationships secret? And why are coworkers so often attracted to each other? We asked an organizational psychologist. 
Here's how to let go of the myths you've created about yourself that hold you back: 
"The number one purchase people say they regret, after bank fees, is eating out. It's a frequent purchase we make almost every day, and it's death by a thousand cuts." @wdlrosa 
Take a deep breath. Look them in the eye. Tell them how you feel. 
You can do it. 
"Regardless of how I show up, I’m enough because I said so.” 
This sh*t makes sense. 
"The job of management isn't to control people, it's to build great teams." @pattymccord1 
@NoBudgetGames @rosieroquee We love you too!
Watch these TED Talks when you want to throw it all away. 
"When your true self is a little nontraditional, how much of it can you really bring to the office?" 
@rosieroquee Thanks Rosie!
For when you've deleted every social media app on your phone but it's still not enough. 
"I had one well-intentioned adviser who said, 'Everyone knows you're gay. And that's great. But you don't need to beat them over the head with it.'" 
“Teaching kids about equity in schools is not teaching them what to think. It is about giving them the tools and strategies and language and opportunities to practice how to think.” 
7 lessons from walking the path of the Underground Railroad:  #BlackHistoryMonth
Ever see little things moving across your field of vision? This is what causes those little floaty things: 
This is why yawning is contagious: 
"There's no one kind of way to be a leader. It's about finding your strengths and finding ways to amplify them." 
“When we act like our students aren’t capable of having these conversations, we actually do them such a disservice.” 
About 75 percent of people who applied to jobs in the past year said they never heard anything back from the employer. 
Be a better friend, partner and coworker.

"In Silicon Valley, the big tech companies fish from essentially the same small pond or bay. A distributed company can fish from the entire ocean." @photomatt 
This is what would really fight wealth inequality. 

Watch @rcbregman's full TED Talk here:  
How to avoid losing your kid to a screen: 
This journalist is crowdsourcing the costs of medical procedures in the US and making that data public — so that you can know what you'll be paying for care in advance, and where to get it cheaper:  @chcosts
In the US, the same blood test can cost $19 at one clinic and $522 at another clinic just blocks away — and nobody knows the difference until they get a bill weeks later. This journalist is making that data public: 
What is the meaning of work?
  @roybahat 
You can master networking even if you don't like talking to people. Here's how: 
Say goodbye to that shaky, dry voice you only seem to have when you're nervous. 
These personality trait tests could help employers match applicants to the best roles for them during the hiring process. Give it a try: 
Become a master of small talk with these helpful tips. 
46 percent of people get fired or quit within the first year of starting a job. 
Not sure what to talk about? Here are some questions to get you started:

“What’s the first movie you ever saw in a movie theater?”
“What’s the first book you remember reading by yourself?”
“What’s your favorite vegetable?”


"Talent and intelligence are equally distributed throughout the world. But opportunity is not." @photomatt 
Want to be a great communicator? Break these 4 bad habits: 

"If you survey people and ask them what they want out of work, for everybody who makes less than 150,000 dollars a year, they'll take a more stable and secure income, on average, over earning more money." @roybahat 
Viruses have a bad reputation — but some of them could one day save your life. 
It only takes 20 hours to learn something new: 
"Instead of looking for hope, look for action. Then, and only then, hope will come. We can't save the world by playing by the rules, because the rules have to be changed. Everything needs to change, and it has to start today." @GretaThunberg 
A mother and son’s photographic journey through dementia:  
"If men knew how often women were filled with white hot rage when we cried, they would be staggered." @schemaly 
If we can generate new species from scratch, what should we build? @EvolvingJuan 
"Getting over heartbreak is not a journey. It's a fight, and your reason is the strongest weapon." 
"We don't realize the constant degree of noise pollution we're exposed to and how much we could profit from more quiet spaces." 
Want a tidier home? Start saying no to free stuff: 
The math of melting glaciers:  @crevassse
We added math to basketball and made it super nerdy. You're welcome! 
This radical experiment in empathy can change how you see the world: 
Here's how to let go of the myths you've created about yourself that hold you back: 
Let's face it, online dating can suck. Here's how to make it work for you: 
How does bias distort our thinking, our listening, our beliefs... and even our search results? In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 4 TED speakers tackle the bias that shapes our world. 
This one speaks for itself. 
"Those who are happiest follow their desires, whether that means getting married or staying single." 
You should keep a journal to track your goals and successes. Here's why: 
There's a biological reason why you're always tired. 
How to find someone worth your time on dating apps: 
What playing football does to your brain: 
"Correctly using computers is the silver bullet for making math education work." 
This song was mathematically engineered to be as ugly as possible. 
These are instant red flags: 
How to dispel your sense of dread in the morning: 
7 TED Talks to help you reach your goals: 
Stop waking up in a panic by asking this question. 
Get closer to the people in your life — by being the best mess possible:

“It’s an understanding that regardless of how I show up, I’m enough because I said so.”

Want to be healthier? Start by seeking out a quieter life. 
This is where middle managers are learning bad habits — and how to change that: 
No matter how long you've been together, it never hurts to have a little refresher course on what really matters. 
Do you carry wisdom from a secret past? Have you seen the underbelly of a system that needs to be exposed? Do you have an idea that's too important to stay secret? 

Apply now to share an idea anonymously on TED’s podcast Sincerely, X.  
Civility isn’t censorship or political correctness. Here’s why it matters: 
How do you define success? 
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
What confidence and joy have to do with great sex: 
How to recover when you feel rejected or lonely: 
You're not the only one who replays your last relationship over and over. Here's why your brain keeps torturing you. 
How to speak up at work — without infuriating your coworkers: 
Weird facts about orgasm, from obscure scientific research:  
These moving TED Talks are a reminder that you matter. 
This is where bad managers learn such terrible habits: 
"We really are living in an age of miracle and wonder. We're lucky to be alive today. We're lucky to see this stuff." @EvolvingJuan 
Caregivers are the backbone of health care — and they deserve our gratitude. #NationalCaregiversDay 
A love story about the power of art as organizing:   @aja_monet @PhilofDDreams 
Just in case you forgot it was Valentine's Day yesterday. 
Read this before you go on a weekend splurge: 
#ValentinesDay goals. 

A queer vision of love and marriage:  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan 
This #ValentinesDay, love yourself. 
Is there discrimination against single people?  #ValentinesDay
What’s really happening in your brain when you fall in love:  #ValentinesDay
7 TED Talks to help you believe in love again:  #ValentinesDay 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  #ValentinesDay 
"The moment you admit to loving someone, you admit to having a lot to lose." — @LenMandy #ValentinesDay 
"We are using the same word to talk about love that we use to explain a plague of locusts." @LenMandy 

A better way to talk about love:  #ValentinesDay
The long history of the heart and its mysterious connection to love: 
Find your perfect match by thinking like an evolutionary biologist: 
Here's how evolutionary biology impacts your love life: 
Thoughtful advice to help you build a strong relationship that will last. 
How did ❤️ become the symbol for love? 
Traffic, construction, your neighbor’s lawnmower and other loud noises can have a surprising impact on your health. Here’s how to get a little more quiet in your life: 
6 TED Talks on creating a lifelong friendship:  #GalentinesDay
How to actually be best friends forever:  #GalentinesDay
What do you love most about your best friends? #GalentinesDay 
"Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School lost 17 precious lives on that horrible day. After, students asked us, the adults, the hardest question: How can we stop the senseless violence?" #Parkland 
A reminder to tell your friends why you love them. #GalentinesDay 
“I exist because I have my women friends. They make me stronger, they make me smarter, they make me braver. They tap me on the shoulder when I might be in need of course-correcting.” — @Janefonda #GalentinesDay 
Do you carry wisdom from a secret past? Have you seen the underbelly of a system that needs to be exposed? Do you have an idea that's too important to stay secret? 

Apply now to share an idea anonymously on TED’s podcast Sincerely, X.  
Why noise is bad for your health — and what you can do about it:  
“When women show up, they bring the realities and hopes of half a population with them.”  @ShadBegum
Helpful advice from a circus performer who has taught himself to do things that most of us can’t — like juggle fire. 
Frustrated with learning a new skill? Here's how to keep going: 
“Imagine with me a world where thousands of us stand up and they support other young women together, creating opportunities and choices that benefit all.”  @ShadBegum
Could your thoughts make you age faster?

Unlink your credit card from apps and websites you impulsively shop on — and other little tips for saving your cash: 
"We have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned." 
Tech companies use our instincts against us — and they're taking over the world. Here's what you need to know: 
When you ruminate, stress sticks around in the body long after the reason for the stress is over. 
If you can't remember the last time you learned something new, these TED Talks will leave you feeling a little brighter. 
"A whole new language has developed among our young people." 

Why that's a good thing: 
Shift your perspective with these powerful TED Talks. 
How women in Pakistan are creating political change:  @ShadBegum 
The 25 most transformative TED Talks: 
This personality trait is a major predictor of success: 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
Bye. 
Myth 1: Women are biologically less interested in casual sex.
Myth 2: Monogamous sex is better and safer, and monogamous people have better relationships.
Myth 3: Sex is immoral and dangerous.

Here's what the research actually says:

The digital attention economy shovels more and more clickbait toward us every day, fragmenting our focus into emotionally charged shards. 

Here's how to turn off the information firehose and follow current events on your own terms: 
Scientists are working on a way to screen of the contents of your exhaled breath and detect diseases. 
Why girls need the freedom to fail:  @reshmasaujani #BraveNotPerfect
While on a spacewalk, astronaut Chris Hadfield suddenly went blind. Here's what he did to keep himself calm: 
What your breath could reveal about your health:  
Feel bombarded by constant breaking news? Here's how to be a slow news consumer — and be more informed: 
Teach girls bravery, not perfection:  @reshmasaujani #BraveNotPerfect 
It only takes 20 hours to learn something new: 
If your mind is spiraling with doubts about starting your next big project, this perspective can help: 
Learn how to talk to anyone, anywhere: 
Viruses have a bad reputation — but some of them could one day save your life. 
I tried to find God. This is what I found instead. 
Do yourself a favor and let go of some of your misconceptions about casual sex. 
This is why your cat is such a weirdo: 
What makes someone an alpha male? It turns out we're way off base. 
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
Learn how to argue — and disagree politely — from a debate champion: 
Here's why you should ask someone "What is 25 times 25?" during a job interview: 
Why Bill Gates gives away 95% of his wealth: 
5 excuses we use to not work out, and how to change your thinking. 
Here's why your body prefers to poop at home: 
“There’s very good evidence that shows when you confront people with a ton of facts that contradict their worldview, it actually causes them to hold their existing beliefs more strongly.”  
If you frequently forget people's names even though they told you minutes ago, this is for you: 
Knowing more than one language keeps your brain healthy, complex and actively engaged. 
Say goodbye to that shaky, dry voice you only seem to have when you're nervous. 
"Only dead people never get stressed, never get broken hearts, never experience the disappointment that comes with failure. Tough emotions are part of our contract with life." @SusanDavid_PhD 
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
We all doubt ourselves sometimes. Here’s a reminder that you’re enough. 
Want to be a good friend? Erase this sentence from your vocabulary:  
"Exercise is the most transformative thing that you can do for your brain today." @wasuzuki 
These are the 5 kinds of mentors you should look for in 2019. 
This list of books assigned to students everywhere will expand your horizons — and your bookshelves: 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
How to be a better news consumer:
1. Stop reading incomplete breaking news reports.
2. Turn to experts &amp; trustworthy journalists for analysis, not trending Twitter hashtags.
3. Read arguments against your political position to deepen your understanding.

This device recycles air pollution like diesel fumes into useable black ink — and makes the world just a bit cleaner in the process: 
Hot take: Small talk is actually great and we should have more of it. 
The conversation about nude photos and digital privacy we should have right now: 
This is how stolen nude photos turn lives upside down:  
Want to get ahead at work? Are you trying to be more hopeful? Would you like to learn more about the world, but you're not sure who to trust?

You should sign up for TED Recommends. We'll send you the perfect TED Talks to watch based on your goals:  
It's normal to worry that you're not getting it right. These TED Talks speak to the complexities of parenthood, offering unusual insights and hard-won advice. 
It's hard to know where to start with budgeting, saving, and everything in between. These TED Talks will give you some practical advice. 
Do you constantly criticize yourself? Here's how to stop: 
The pressure to be perfect is hurting our girls:  @reshmasaujani #BraveNotPerfect
Where our librarians at?! 
Want to be a great parent? Start here. 
Every meaningful connection has to start somewhere. 
Here's why you should embrace small talk: 
14 TED Talks to help you pursue your passions, even when it gets hard: 
If you're burned out from trying to pursue your passions, these TED Talks can help reinvigorate you. 
We believe in you. 
6 TED Talks to help you take charge of your finances: 
This is one of those TED Talks that you need to see to believe. 
How to stop clutter before it takes over your house in the first place: 
This is for the students, coworkers and regular people who are often overlooked because we are seen as neither exceptional nor problematic. 
Say goodbye to that shaky, dry voice you only seem to have when you're nervous. 
How we can help the "forgotten middle" reach their full potential:  
Here's how to keep your voice calm and strong — even when you feel the opposite. 
Pursing your passion can be hard. These TED Talks will help you stick it out as you chase your dreams. 
17 TED Talks to watch before you have kids: 
@emeryemeryii Actually yes! @TedHalstead is one of our recent Ted's at TED 😁 
Settle in to expand your mind. 
For those moments when life gets real. 
8 TED Talks for nervous introverts who like the quiet but who would also like to interact with other humans more often: 
Share these TED Talks with a stressed-out parent you love: 
These TED Talks will give you useful advice to help you face your fears about finances with compassion and honesty. 
Here’s how to apologize:
1. Look them in the eye.
2. Explain why you are sorry.
3. Acknowledge why they were hurt.
4. Tell them what you will do differently next time. 

Learn more about Emily Levine's remarkable life and legacy in our tribute: 
We were heartbroken to learn that Emily Levine has passed away. 

Life is an enormous gift, she said in her beautiful 2018 TED Talk: "You enrich it as best you can, and then you give it back." 
How India's smartphone revolution is creating a new generation of readers and writers:  
In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 4 TED speakers discuss how the #MeToo movement moved beyond a hashtag and where we go from here. 
Let us debunk some age-old myths about women’s sexuality! 
"Female sexuality can't be fixed with a pill. That's because it's not broken: it's misunderstood." 
Social isolation is the public health risk of our time. 
Is women's sexuality actually more complicated than men's? No. 
How to stop waking up in a panic every morning: 
Leave today's annoyances — that critical comment made by your coworker, or the disappointing numbers in the weekly report — at the office. Here's how: 
Bookmark this for when you're done staring lovingly at your selfies: 
Stop taking office drama home with you. Here's how: 
Stop waking up in a panic by asking this question: 
If you realized you're burned out, these TED Talks can help. 
Feel bombarded by constant breaking news? Here's how to be a slow news consumer — and be more informed: 
Great science fiction writers don't just imagine the future, they shape it: 
Payment platforms like @Patreon could change what it means to be an artist in the digital age. 
Your travel photos can save artifacts destroyed by terrorists:  
Should your driverless car kill you if it means saving five pedestrians? @iyadrahwan 
Simple ways to help yourself commit to a goal and stick with it: 
"Technology is the seventh kingdom of life." 
This AI performed in the top 20% of students on the entrance exam for the University of Tokyo. 
Snapstreaks are a manipulative way to keep us glued to Snapchat — and teens are falling for it:  @tristanharris
The technology we're developing now could change the world as we know it. 
How much weakness should you show at work? 
This is how to find the career that's right for you: 
You can master networking even if you don't like talking to people. Here's how: 
Why aren't you moving up at work? The career advice you probably didn’t get: 
You should keep a journal to track your goals and successes. Here's why: 
How to recover when you feel rejected or lonely: 
How to speak up at work — without infuriating your coworkers: 
These books will help you figure out how to motivate yourself:  #MondayMotivation
“The key to overcoming your fears about networking is to practice a little bit every day — and to do it when you don’t need specific help.” 
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
Want to achieve your goals? Pick up these 4 habits: 
#SuperBowl party tip: learn how to gracefully exit a conversation. 
The quest for truth on football, concussions and CTE:  @ChrisNowinski1 @ConcussionLF 
"Football teaches so many great life lessons to those who play or coach. Perseverance, toughness, respect, self-esteem. But the one negative thing that it does teach is that being gay is not okay." 
This football player turned neuroscientist is studying the deadliest disease in sports:  @ChrisNowinski1 @ConcussionLF
A football player on how we can prevent concussions: 
We hear it's football season? 3 super nerdy TED Talks about sports:  
What playing football does to your brain: 
These fascinating talks offer fresh perspectives on black identity, in honor of #BlackHistoryMonth: 
Activist Ruby Sales reflects on her time as a freedom fighter in the civil rights movement and her hopes for the future. 
Fill in the blank: Before I die I want to... 
How can people who are totally sane hallucinate? The late neurologist Oliver Sacks shares the amazing science behind his patients' fantastical hallucinations. 
"I need to do everything in my power to eradicate racism in my lifetime."  #BlackHistoryMonth
"By looking at the difference between perceived danger and actual danger, you can fundamentally change your reaction." 
5 ways to stay active during your workday when it’s gross outside: 
When astronaut Chris Hadfield suddenly went blind on a spacewalk, this thought is what kept him calm: 
While on a spacewalk, astronaut Chris Hadfield suddenly went blind. Here's what he did to keep himself calm: 
This radical experiment in empathy can change how you see the world: 
People make a lot of predictions about the future. Here's a look back at how we've looked forward over the decades. 
"In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever to find ways to maintain perspective, and remember that life is brief and tender."

What hallucinations teach us about our minds: 
"We all need to change our worldview, because poverty is not a lack of character. Poverty is a lack of cash." 
This is everything you've ever wanted to know (and some stuff you didn't) about lab-grown meat. 
How to introduce more color — and joy — into your life: 
How going to space shifted my perspective on humanity: 
6 TED Talks on how to predict the future: 
If it's too dark and cold to be outside, these tips will help you find new ways to get moving. 
These are the 5 types of mentors you need: 
"The idea that black people have had no impact on history is one of the foundational ideas of white supremacy. It's the reason that we continue to celebrate #BlackHistoryMonth in the US every February." @ProfessorCrunk 
How we can start to heal the pain of racial division:  
Happy #BlackHistoryMonth! Here's a fun look at social dance, from the Charleston to the Dougie: 
An astronaut's story of curiosity, perspective and change:  @Astro_Flow 
Almost 150 million people worldwide are born intersex — with biology that doesn't fit the standard definition of male or female. Let’s finally break the silence.  @emilord
What it really means to be intersex:  @emilord
You don't have to pretend to know what quantum computers are anymore: 
"We place unrealistic expectations on the things that our bodies do that are outside of our control. If one man can grow a full, luxurious beard, and the other can only grow a few mustache hairs, what does that mean about who they are as men?" @emilord 
Do you carry wisdom from a secret past? Have you seen the underbelly of a system that needs to be exposed? Do you have an idea that's too important to stay secret? 

Apply now to share an idea anonymously on TED’s podcast Sincerely, X.  
The way we think about biological sex is wrong:  @emilord 
See the incredible structures this architect makes with overlooked materials and unconventional methods: 
"Disability is a family you can join at any point in your life. I'd like to see by a show of hands how many of you have ever broken a bone?" @judithheumann 
This new technology uses augmented reality to transport you into a room and interact with people who are miles away. @TEDFellow 
A guaranteed basic income is the only proven way to end poverty: 
7 TED Talks to help you reach your goals: 
How do you define success? 
“Much the same way that you should eat a healthy meal every day, you should also eat it when your body expects it.” 
78 books to make you feel better about the world: 
Reflections from a lifetime fighting to end child poverty:  @ChildDefender 
Apropos of nothing, here are Ben Affleck's favorite TED Talks. 
"I remember the tension rising up between me and the interrogator when we talked about politics. But we were able to see each other as human beings when we talked about family, everyday life, the importance of the future for our children." 
The key to talking about climate change is hope, not fear:  @KHayhoe 
Why everyone should be guaranteed a basic income:  @rcbregman
3 questions to ask yourself about everything you do:  @staceyabrams 
There are only three types of color receptors in your eye: red, green and blue. But how do you see the kaleidoscope of other colors that make up our world?
"We all need to change our worldview, because poverty is not a lack of character. Poverty is a lack of cash." @rcbregman 
Celebrate your small wins even on those frustrating days when you don’t think you got a lot done. 
"Instead of looking for hope, look for action. Then, and only then, hope will come. We can't save the world by playing by the rules, because the rules have to be changed. Everything needs to change, and it has to start today." @GretaThunberg 
In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 4 TED speakers explore what motivates us to do good and what stands in our way. 
"Anger is a human emotion, neither good nor bad. It is actually a signal emotion. It warns us of indignity, threat, insult and harm."   @schemaly
"I hope that if your burden gets too heavy, you'll ask for a hand." 
“The moment you start to question whether humanity can rise to a challenge, people surprise you with their ability to love.”  @GirlTrek
“What’s the most important thing I can do today that would make tomorrow better?” 
“What do I do next? I’m going to do what I’ve always done. I’m going to move forward, because going backwards isn’t an option and standing still is not enough.” @staceyabrams 
CRISPR, explained: 
"Severing anger from femininity means we sever girls and women from the emotion that best protects us from injustice. What if instead, we thought about developing emotional competence for boys and girls?" @schemaly 
Do yourself a favor and watch @staceyabrams's TED Talk. 
Get the most out of your tendency to procrastinate: 
"Everything you know about time management is wrong.” 
Here’s why procrastination is actually a virtue: 
Want to shrink your to-do list? Ask these 4 questions: 
Can we stop climate change? Lessons from how we protected the ozone layer:  
"If you ask women what they fear the most in response to their anger, they don't say violence. They say mockery." @schemaly 
Scientists use CRISPR to edit genes... but what does that actually mean? Here’s how it works: 
What if we could harness the sticking powers of sea creatures like mussels, oysters and barnacles, which refuse to budge even on wet, stormy coastlines? From metal to bones, nature has a glue for that: 
A mother and son’s photographic journey through dementia:  
This woman's job is to imagine the consequences of new inventions:  @anabjain
Want a tidier home? Start saying no to free stuff: 
Capitalism will eat democracy — unless we speak up:  @yanisvaroufakis 
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
Here's how to let go of the myths you've created about yourself that hold you back: 
Put a sticker on your webcam. Right now. Do it. #DataPrivacyDay 
True, people who work from home may not be wearing pants. But they are more productive, report higher job satisfaction, and save their companies money on office space.  

The power of women's anger:  @schemaly 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
Practical money advice from a self-taught financial advisor:  
How our education system fails young boys, and what we can do to fix it: 
"23% of new working mothers in America will be back on the job within two weeks of giving birth." 
These horrifying stories from new mothers will change how you think about family leave: 
How we'll earn money in a future without jobs:   @MFordFuture 
A powerful way to unleash your natural creativity:   @TimHarford 
How one mother reckons with the unthinkable: 
"Our online data is more than just a collection of 1s and 0s. It's our lives, our hopes and aspirations." 
If lying means making more money, what motivates people to tell the truth? 
7 TED Talks on how to be smart about your money:  
How to stop clutter before it takes over your house in the first place: 
You don't need to become a gym rat to get healthy. Some studies have shown that brief, intense bursts of activity still have health benefits. 
Fight off the Sunday scaries with some Sunday science! 
Your hatred of treadmills is totally justified. They were created to punish English prisoners in the1800s. 
What's the best compliment you've ever gotten? 
Learn how to multitask like the world's most creative people:  @TimHarford
We'll tell you what TED Talk to watch based on your personality: 
"Hope can be incredibly destructive when your heart is broken." @GuyWinch 
A clever, easy way to turn family chaos into peace and calm: 
Is your family driving you nuts? Escape with these talks: 
The perfect TED talk for you is out there, whether you want to feel hopeful or learn something new. 
These books will make you feel hopeful for the future: 
10 TED Talks that will give you the warm and fuzzies: 
"It's uncomfortable to not believe things." The logical basis for believing in conspiracies: 
Why dirty money is far too easy to hide:  
3 tips on how to argue — and find common ground — from a debate champion: 
4 TED Talks to watch when you’re starting a new job:  
The awful logic of land mines — and an app that helps people avoid them:  
Emotion and logic aren't incompatible. Here's why science needs both:  
Do you ever order clothes online in different sizes and colors just to try them on and then send back what doesn't work? Yeah, maybe stop doing that. 
"Emotions and logic do not oppose each other. They complement each other, and they reinforce each other." 
This riddle has been called the hardest logic puzzle ever. Give it your best shot.  via @TED_ED
"Your fears distort your reality. Under the warped logic of fear, anything is better than the uncertain. Fear fills the void at all costs, passing off what you dread for what you know substituting assumption for reason." 
A learning expert reveals a simple way to think about getting better at the things you do, whether that's work, parenting or creative hobbies. 
"Instead of looking for hope, look for action. Then, and only then, hope will come. We can't save the world by playing by the rules, because the rules have to be changed. Everything needs to change, and it has to start today." @GretaThunberg 
@NewmanVeronica @GretaThunberg She did! 
@ayanaeliza @TEDchris Hi Ayana! We agree — Greta's message is incredibly powerful. We've just added her to our Editor's Picks section on  
"Nobody invented dance. It is deep in the heart of every culture throughout history; dance is part of the pulse of humanity." @SirKenRobinson 
"Everyone keeps saying climate change is an existential threat, and yet they just carry on like before. I don't understand that, because if the emissions have to stop, then we must stop the emissions. To me that is black or white." @GretaThunberg 
@expert_timing @TedDanson Honestly, we wish!! 
@FallonTonight @jadapsmith Looks like someone wasn't paying enough attention when they watched @veitchtweets's TED Talk... this is actually his brilliant reply *to* spam! One word: déjà vu!  
These TED Talks are perfect for kiddos excited about science and technology: 
"If the emissions have to stop, then we must stop the emissions. To me that is black or white. There are no gray areas when it comes to survival. Either we go on as a civilization or we don't. We have to change." @GretaThunberg 
"Always be looking for that which you do well and that which you love doing." 
"Show your kids that you value who they are as people." 
The real reason no one can master their craft alone:    @Atul_Gawande
It’s not just you and your best friend eating a pint of ice cream on the sofa. It’s an important relationship ritual. 
8 TED Talks to help you do better research:  
Why educators must love and lead fearlessly: 
This is your brain on sugar. 
What sticky sea creatures can teach us about making glue:  @WilkerLabPurdue 
Stunning buildings made from raw, imperfect materials:  @ensamblestudio 
Here's how to give a better compliment:

1. Use their name.
2. Make your compliment as specific as possible.
3. Follow your compliment with a question and listen to their answer.

#NationalComplimentDay

We entrust teachers with the world’s most important job: educating our kids. So why don't we pay them more? 
@WeatherNation "Everyone stay home, it's rough outside." ⬅️ an idea worth spreading
"If you're tired of going to work and making money for other people, then you're probably tired of capitalism." 
From the microbes in our stomachs to the ones on our teeth, we are home to millions of unique and diverse communities. 
This is what makes money special, and not just another piece of paper: 
How empowering women and girls can help stop global warming:  
We see you, fiber art lovers. 
"Black girls are routinely seen as too loud, too aggressive, too angry, too visible. Qualities that are often measured in relation to nonblack girls and which don't take into consideration what's going on in this girl's life or her cultural norms." 
How to rethink getting dressed in the morning: 
Say goodbye to that shaky, dry voice you only seem to have when you're nervous. 
Here's how to keep your voice calm and strong — even when you feel the opposite. 
"The most profound leadership in the world isn't coming from halls of government. It's coming from women at the grassroots all across the globe." 
These two simple lessons will help your kids be responsible with their money. 
These TED Talks will help you truly connect with the people you talk to: 
"Algorithms don't make things fair. They repeat our past practices, our patterns. They automate the status quo." 
"Algorithms are opinions embedded in code." @mathbabedotorg 
We
really
really
really
  really
    really
    really
   really
 really
really
really
really
really
really
really
really
  really
    really
    really
 really
want to help you find the right TED Talk to watch next 
From New York to Bangkok, cities all over the world are sinking because of global warming. This landscape architect is helping design cities that stand up to the rising tides:  
How to transform sinking cities into landscapes that fight floods:  @TEDFellow 
What's needed to bring the US voting system into the 21st century:  @tianaej 
@joepark89 Safe travels, Joe! 
Here's one way that racial bias really does sneak into algorithms: 
Congratulations to our extraordinary new class of TED Fellows!  @TEDFellow #TED2019 
"Turns out, if you spend most of your life working in the conservative religious world, coming out as transgender is not all that great for your career." 
Are you your toughest critic? Here's how to be kinder to yourself: 
Do you constantly criticize yourself? Here's how to stop: 
This TED Talk is perfect for people who love to knit, and also cats, probably. 
Before you judge a person, ask yourself "So what?" first. 
Learn how to see yourself the way others see you, as good and worthy. 
"Your fears distort your reality. Under the warped logic of fear, anything is better than the uncertain. Fear fills the void at all costs, passing off what you dread for what you know substituting assumption for reason." 
"Empathy is not endorsement. Empathizing with someone you profoundly disagree with does not compromise your own deeply held beliefs and endorse theirs. It just means acknowledging the humanity of someone who was raised to think differently." @dylanmarron 
"Everyone's entitled to their opinion. But you're not entitled to your own facts." 
Here's how to keep your voice from betraying your nerves: 
4 tips for learning new things quickly: 
The Standing Rock resistance and our fight for indigenous rights:  @zhaabowekwe 
"The hard choices — what we most fear doing, asking, saying — these are very often exactly what we most need to do." @tferriss

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
This is one of those TED Talks that you need to see to believe. 
"When you aren’t viewed as real people, it’s a lot easier to run over your rights." @zhaabowekwe 
Powerful photos show the reality of life on Native American reservations:  
In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 4 TED speakers on the power of gratitude and kindness. 
Here's how @AlexHonnold became the first climber to scale Yosemite’s El Capitan without a rope. #FreeSolo

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Spellbinding, stimulating, seductive… science? Here are the 10 most-watched science talks on  See why: 
The hidden, powerful structure behind Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech: 
In March 2018, @MorganTreks and @VanessaTreks hiked the path that Harriet Tubman took to freedom nearly 170 years ago. Here are some lessons from their long walk. 
"He’s been reduced to four words: 'I have a dream.'" —  @ava

How we can better remember Martin Luther King, Jr.'s extraordinary work and life: 
“The moment you start to question whether humanity can rise to a challenge, people surprise you with their ability to love.” @GirlTrek 
This simple invention to prevent stampedes could save thousands of lives. Here's how it works:  @1geek0
Video games may teach us more about a child's cognitive learning than a standardized test can. @saradewitt @PBSKIDS 
How we’re using quantum computing to make encryption better: 
The radical possibilities of man-made DNA:  @RomesbergLab 
You've probably taken aspirin or ibuprofen for everyday aches and pains, but do you know how these pain relievers actually work? 
This weekend, let yourself get lost in your thoughts. 
According to scientists, there are three key ways that securing the rights of women and girls could be as effective as renewable energy when it comes to fighting climate change. Here's how: 
Here's the deal with that "alien spaceship."

Ask yourself these two questions when you get dressed each morning: 
When technology can read minds, how will we protect our privacy?  @NitaFarahany 
"Most of what kids currently learn at school will probably be irrelevant by the time they are 40." 
"Dependents want to feel a part of something, anything. Make the time meaningful. Life, it's about wanting to live and not waiting to die." 
"Our online data is more than just a collection of 1s and 0s. It's our lives, our hopes and aspirations." 
If you spend forever looking for the perfect fruits and vegetables at your supermarket, you're doing it wrong: 
If you frequently forget people's names even though they told you minutes ago, this is for you: 
You can master networking even if you don't like talking to people. Here's how: 
Whether you're washing the dishes or tidying your whole house, these TED Talks are the perfect soundtrack. 
Get ready for "pint-sized people movers." 
"Our schools should be places where we respond to our most vulnerable girls. Our ability to see her promise should be at its sharpest when she's at her loudest, or her quietest." 
"I can't think of a single woman who wants her daughter to have fewer rights or opportunities than she's had." @CecileRichards 
"Repression is a bitter pill that's offered to us all. We're taught to hide so many parts of who we are and what we've been through: our love, our pain, for some, our faith." @CaseyGerald 
This wearable device can tell when you're having a heart attack, even if you can't.  @AkashManoj4 #TEDEdStudentTalks
"Women are recognizing this is our moment. Don't wait for permission, don't wait for your turn." @CecileRichards 
This is why you can't pay rent with monopoly money: 
Why alone time is an important part of a healthy relationship: 
@DrKWilkinson 😂
A life-saving device that detects silent heart attacks:  @AkashManoj4 #TEDEdStudentTalks 
"The most profound leadership in the world isn't coming from halls of government. It's coming from women at the grassroots all across the globe." @CecileRichards 
The political progress women have made — and what's next:  @CecileRichards 
Tech companies use our instincts against us. Here's what you need to know:  @profgalloway
How tech companies deceive you into giving up your data and privacy: 
We know you're not going to give up your phone entirely. Here's how you can realistically cut down on screen time. 
3 easy ways to clear out life's clutter: 
As a TV meteorologist, @emilyrsutton has been on the receiving end of negative comments for a decade. Here’s how she deals with them: 
Put your bot-sniffing skills to the test. 
Would you pay for Facebook if it meant having full control of your data?  
"We cannot have a society in which, if two people wish to communicate, the only way that can happen is if it's financed by a third person who wishes to manipulate them." 
"Language is the most beautiful of human creations. It's the loveliest thing that our brains have invented." @ajitq 
"The way we're taught to live has got to change. I learned this the hard way." @CaseyGerald 
This low-weight, flexible film can turn the energy of the sun into electricity. 
Intelligent machines have learned to control you — and we don’t know how they did it:  @zeynep
How machines are developing intuition -- and building things that would never occur to humans: 
How AI can enhance your memory, work and social life: 
@katerinabeard 
Find out what drives your creative process — and how to achieve your full potential.

Embrace the strange magic of your true self:  @CaseyGerald 
"Education is a critical protective factor against contact with the criminal legal system. So we should be building out policies and practices that keep girls connected to their learning, rather than pushing them away from it." @MoniqueWMorris 
"From generations, we've gone from literally being chained to literally being able to fly, with quite a bit to turbulence in between." @evierobbie 

What it's like to travel abroad as an African-American: 
"Black girls are being disproportionately pushed away from schools — not because of an imminent threat they pose to the safety of a school, but because they're experiencing schools as locations for punishment and marginalization." @MoniqueWMorris 
Want to free up your space in your mind? Try setting a decision budget: 
These maps reveal new truths about our world: 

We're not saying you need to worry about nuclear fallout, but in case you already are... here's what you can do to survive a nuclear explosion: 


Putting the topic of occult divination aside, tarot can give you tools to help you think through life's big problems. @TEDFellow 
Student-athletes should be seen as more than just the sport they play. Here's why they should be allowed to fight for justice: 
"Music is something that lives inside of you. You create it and you're created by it." @_annikaEP 
What kind of city would you build with this video game?  @pelikaroliina
"Black girls are seven times more likely than their white counterparts to experience one or more out-of-school suspensions and they're nearly three times more likely than their white and Latinx counterparts to be referred to the juvenile court." 
"It will not be our blind faith, but our humble doubt that shines light into the darkness of our world." 
If you're on a tidying kick, this TED Talk can help you let go of things you don't need. 
@jason_blum Safe flight, Jason!
“This is a movement about the far-reaching power of empathy. It’s about the millions and millions of people who, one year ago, raised their hands to say, 'Me too.'” @TaranaBurke 
After serving time, this dad decided to help other incarcerated parents stay connected to their children by helping them record beautiful bedtime stories: 
Natural hair is beautiful. Here's why we should celebrate it: 
Why I'm a weekday vegetarian:  
#WorldVegetarianDay @ghill
If you take more than one medication, you should know this: 

These inspiring, personal stories will make anyone feel less alone: 
"I cannot ask my father to be anything other than her true self." 
What's the best relationship advice you've heard? 

The next time you try to use a compliment as an icebreaker, try these helpful tips: 

According to Chinese tradition, your sign is a window into your personality, career, and future good (or bad) fortune: 
The secret to giving a great compliment: 
"This is about more than a hairstyle. It's about being brave enough not to fold under the pressure of others' expectations." 
The three things you need to make a marriage work, and how to spot them while you're dating: 
Why black girls are targeted for punishment at school — and how to change that:  @MoniqueWMorris 
This is what your brain does when it's paying attention: 
A mother and son’s photographic journey through dementia:  
On the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers explore the dark side of technology. 
In a time when irrationality seems to rule both politics and culture, has reasoned thinking finally lost its power? 
"Museums are actually rated one of the most trustworthy sources of information in the United States, and with hundreds of millions of visitors from all over the world, we should tell accurate histories, but we don't." @ArianaCurtis413 
This is what happen when you mix medications by accident: 
The secrets to learning a new language: 
Here's how you can highlight the contributions of your overlooked co-workers — who, let's face it, are probably women: 
3 ways to build a happy marriage and avoid divorce:  
Here's how you can highlight the contributions of your overlooked co-workers — who, let's face it, are probably women: 
Simple advice from a criminal defense attorney on how to give a good apology: 
Expand your compliment vocabulary beyond "good job" and "you look nice."  
"You'd never trust your surgery to the man on the street. You'd want an expert who spent years doing surgery and knows the best techniques. That should apply to every major decision. Politics, business, health advice require expertise." 
"We happen to be expressive all the time, even when we're sitting in front of our devices alone." - @kaliouby 
"Whatever it is, we believe it's a natural object, but we can't actually prove that it's not something artificial. The color, the strange shape, the tumbling motion could all have other explanations." 
Would you be more likely to finish your math homework for $10?  @mathspace
A chef was asked to create a banquet in space. This is what happened. 
The fascinating science of bubbles, from soap to champagne:  
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
The most notable talks of 2018, chosen by @TEDchris, our head curator. 
Bubbles — beautiful, feisty troublemakers.  
Should we stop having separate sports teams for men and women?  @johnbrenkus_
Here's how race changes the way athletes are written about: 

Meet the first living organisms created with six-letter DNA — the four natural letters plus two new man-made ones, X and Y: 
How to be "Team Human" in the digital future:  @rushkoff 
What if you could print your food with customized nutrition? The fascinating future of 3D printing: 
Research shows female entrepreneurs get less funding from venture capitalists than their male counterparts. The reason why may have to do with the fact that they're asked different questions. 
Here's how we'll survive when the population hits 10 billion: 

“I wanted to moneyball criminal justice.” Why smart statistics are the key to fighting crime: 
Your bike helmet won’t save you from a concussion: 
The internet before the invention of the hyperlink was a dark place.  
Why all women — every day and famous — deserve the respect of recognition from trustworthy public sources like museums.

These wind-powered drones monitor the planet in real time, and they let us explore places we could never go:  
Rhiannon Giddens pours the emotional weight of American history into her music. @RhiannonGiddens 
Ray Kroc didn't start McDonald's until 53 and Julia Child was 50 when she hosted her first TV show. This is what we can learn from successful late bloomers:

The radical possibilities of man-made DNA:  @RomesbergLab 
This is what we're going to dress like in the future: 

A quick guide to get beyond “Fine” and “Whatever,” from a child psychologist. 
Introducing the first living organisms created with six-letter DNA — the four natural letters plus two new man-made ones, X and Y. 
“I know some of y’all are tired, because I’m tired. I’m exhausted, and I’m numb. Those who came before us didn’t win every fight, but they didn’t let it kill their vision. It fueled it. So I can’t stop, and I’m asking you not to stop either.” @TaranaBurke 
"Hidden mathematical truths permeate our whole physical world." — Cédric Villani 
It's time for Music History 101. 
How to speak so that people want to listen:  @juliantreasure
We're all hallucinating all of the time. When we agree about our hallucinations, we call it "reality."  @anilkseth
Learn how to improve your visual intelligence: 
"Self-expression is just as valuable a tool as a rifle on your shoulder."

You don't have to pretend to know what quantum computers are anymore: 
How quantum computers help us explore the mysteries of nature: 
Studies show that brief, intense bursts of activity still have health benefits. 
8 TED Talks that just might save your relationship: 
The hottest new brunch trend is pancakes with a side of TED Talks.  
TED Talks are the new brunch. Just lean into it.  
These TED Talks will make you enjoy math, possibly for the first time ever. 
10 math TED Talks that will blow your mind: 
Quantum computing explained in 10 minutes:  @LaurierWinS 
Scientists are working on a way to train your brain to block out distractions. 
"In a world fractured by religious, political and racial divides, even with all of our obvious differences... at the most fundamental level, we are all the same." 
How to create real political change — without running for office: 
We've all been guilty of giving a half-hearted compliment. Here's how to really make someone's day: 

Gender and biological sex are much more complicated than x and y chromosomes. This new field of science is finding interesting answers: 
This algorithm can predict if you will develop schizophrenia: 
Useful advice to bring out the best in people. 
The words you use may predict your future mental health: 
What's more convenient than online shopping? Downloading your new clothes: 

8 TED Talks on how to find, and be, a good mentor: 
These four tips can help you save your mental energy for the decisions that really matter: 
10 TED Talks to watch if you're totally burned out: 
When it comes to your sex life, it's easy to worry that you aren't normal. These steps can help you tackle your insecurities:  
How setting a decision budget could help you feel less burned out: 
Want to save your mental energy for the stuff that really matters? Set a decision budget. 
For when you want to do more than vote but less than actually run for office: 
The biology of gender, from DNA to the brain:  @KarissaScience 
"Evidence stands up for the man on the street and against the elites. Evidence prevents the elites from imposing their own view without proof." 
This long-forgotten virus could help us solve the antibiotics crisis: 
3 TED Talks on the math, science and evolution of sports: 
"I hope that if your burden gets too heavy, you'll ask for a hand." 
This is how you can finally let go of perfectionism in your personal life, workplace and beyond: 
"The call toward authenticity is sacred and for the greater good, and it asks you to trust that the truth not only sets you free, it will set everyone free. I decided to stake my life on it. So I came out." 
@Ferzapata91 @waitbutwhy Here you go! 
@137pm This is the best one.
@For_Butlers 
"The time now is to move from mourning and grief to action and transformation." @sandylocks 
Pride can be a virtue, but it needs to be the right kind of pride:  
@Rachels_Ratchet 🤔
Honestly @waitbutwhy gave this TED Talk and it's one of the best we've ever seen:  
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
This unlikely country has the world's most advanced e-government: 
"This idea of a meritocracy that every organizations sells is just a myth. You cannot have a 100 percent meritocratic environment when there is a human element involved in the evaluative equation, because by definition, that makes it subjective." 
"What kind of person likes working more than being at home? Me." @shondarhimes 
This is how you give the perfect apology. 
"Divorce is not the end of a family; it’s a reorganization." @EstherPerel 
"It is not reasonable to expect people to marry for love yet not to divorce for lack of love." 
"Divorce is intrinsically hard, but our cultural beliefs and attitudes make it even harder than it needs to be." 
"Music is so much more than sound simply traveling through the ear. Deaf people experience music, just in a different way." — Amber Galloway-Gallego 
These TED Talks will help you process your millennial burnout. 
The next time you need to apologize, give these four strategies a try. 
How India's smartphone revolution is creating a new generation of readers and writers:  
Do you carry wisdom from a secret past? Have you seen the underbelly of a system that needs to be exposed? Do you have an idea that's too important to stay secret? 

Apply now to share an idea anonymously on TED’s podcast Sincerely, X.  
@AshishBohora @TEDchris Thanks Ashish! We're all humans here :)
What are you willing to give up to change the way we work? 
If your New Year's resolution was to: 

- Get ahead at work
- Be more hopeful
- Learn about the world
- Prepare for the future
- Improve yourself 

You should sign up for TED Recommends! We'll send you the perfect TED Talks to watch based on your goals:  
"Women are the fastest growing population in jails and prisons across the United States. Women's incarceration rates have grown 700% in the past several decades — twice the growth of men's incarceration." @bailproject @TheAudaciousPrj 
This is gross but fascinating: Bakers have completely different species of bacteria living on their hands. 
Here's how to give a better compliment:
1. Use their name.
2. Make your compliment as specific as possible.
3. Follow your compliment with a question and listen to their answer.

@mishalud 
"Hi [name]! Your [new item of clothing] is so [positive adjective], it makes you look very [positive adjective]! Where did you find it?" 
"Equations and symbols aren't just things. They're a voice that speaks out about the incredible richness of nature." 
@markhenick Who, us? 
Should companies give employees time off to deal with emotional pain? 
How we're protecting the future of food, one seed at a time:  
Forget big data. It's time for thick data. 
"Music allows you to access somebody else's truth." @MadameGandhi 
Bubbles are the coolest things you don't know enough about. Here's how to create the perfect pop, according to geometry and physics: 
Why one economist thinks we should give babies $60,000:  
You don't have to be amazing at math to see the world in a new way.  @misterwootube
Here's how to leave your work stress at the office: 
Stop taking office drama home with you. Here's how: 
Bookmark this for when you're done staring lovingly at your selfies: 
The Chinese zodiac, explained: 
If how great you are has gone to your head, this is for you: 
Linus Torvalds, the creator of Linux and Git, opens up about the personality traits that made him successful in this rare interview: 
We all face rejection. Here's how to move past it: 
This dramatic restructuring of the economy would value the well-being of the average person more than the marketplace. Here's how it works: 
The story of a parent's transition and a son's redemption:  @paulaswilliams2 @the_jonathanw 
10 TED Talks to help you shake off rejection: 
"It’s not that I ignore when I’m feeling badly. I accept it, I let it in so that I can acknowledge it, and I do what I need to do to move past it." 
Leave today's annoyances — that critical comment made by your coworker, or the disappointing numbers in the weekly report — at the office. Here's how: 
Dinosaurs deserve your gosh darn respect. 
Jurassic Park isn't science fiction anymore. 
This is how different generations think about work, and how they can come together to make a stronger team: 
Whether you're starting a new business or just having a conversation, learn how to spot the kinds of questions you're being asked -- and how to respond more effectively. 
Social isolation is the public health risk of our time. 
It's time to update our spelling rules. @kgalperin 
Soon you’ll be able to 3D-print your clothes at home:  @danitpeleg3d
Be honest. How much do you actually enjoy your screen time?  @adamleealter
"Play up whatever it is that makes you different, even if you think that some people will find it unattractive." 
How to stand up tall, no matter what has you down: 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
A radical rethink of what drives us to do our best work: 
The microbes on your skin are almost as unique as your fingerprints. Here's what they say about you: 
The way we think about technology is hurting us. Here's how: 
"Every time I lose, it takes a really long time for me to lose again." @serenawilliams 
14 mind-blowing technology breakthroughs: 
It only takes 15 min. 
This is why your cat is such a weirdo: 
3 steps to figuring out what you want from your marriage — other than love: 
How special effects trick our brains when we watch a movie: 
Math is your real sixth sense. Here's how to access it:  @misterwootube
For once it actually is rocket science. 
"I define trust as a confident relationship to the unknown." @rachelbotsman 
Learn how to overcome your fears from speakers who have faced their own with strength and grace. 
"Music surrounded me. It made me who I was, and it gave me a place to belong." @_annikaEP 
This is how pain relievers work: 
I tried to find God. This is what I found instead. 
4 TED Talks about the evolution of music:  
"We are in the process of building some sort of god. Now is a good time to make sure it's a god we can live with." 
What makes someone an alpha male? It turns out we're way off base. 
Even the most tight-knit families can benefit from this conversational tip. 
How to (actually) enjoy learning a new language: 
Turning your hangouts with friends into traditions can help you build lasting connections. Here's how to do it: 
The secrets of learning a new language:  
Want to prioritize your friends in 2019? Create a ritual together: 
"Our online data is more than just a collection of 1s and 0s. It's our lives, our hopes and aspirations." 
Start the New Year with the tools to reach your goals: 
How to have a productive conversation about climate change: 
Someday, solar panels may be light and cheap enough that they could be hung on a clothesline, thanks to a synthetic mineral called perovskite. 
In defense of extroverts: 
The real reason no one can master their craft alone:    @Atul_Gawande
@Pocket 
Will the next generation of coaches be computers? 
Shoutout to everyone who freaks out when it's time to calculate the tip! 
How to consciously uncouple: 
What kind of maniac asks for a "burger refill"? This guy: 
Half of history is excluded from museums. Here's how to fix it:  @ArianaCurtis413
Do yourself a favor and watch @staceyabrams's TED Talk. 
How perfectionism is holding you back: 
The technology we're developing now could change the world as we know it. 
The data doesn't lie. 
This is where middle managers are learning bad habits — and how to change that: 
How we can stop bad management habits from forming in the workplace: 
These TED Talks will help you make it through your first week back at work after a vacation. 

Do you know how much your coworkers get paid?

This is the case for salary transparency, by @davidburkus: 
If your mind is still on vacation, these TED Talks will help you make it through the work week.

Want to be more creative? Go for a walk. 
A rare interview with the mathematician who cracked Wall Street:  
"When you give people a sense of hope, you begin to thaw that absolute sense of impossibility." 
Watch this when you feel like your life is a mess: 
This very good doggo named Tule flunked out of a job with US Customs and Border Patrol. Now she helps researchers study black-footed ferrets in in Wyoming.

Learn more about the hardworking pups of Working Dogs for Conservation:  
As if you needed another reason to delete Tinder. 
This is how your brain influences your understanding of what you think you know:  @DrShepherd2013
10 TED Talks to watch in a row because c'mon, what else do you have to do today? 
@WeCopyYouDown It seems we have a new homework assignment.
Push a piece of buttered toast off the table. Do it for science. 
It only takes 20 hours to learn something new: 
Learn something new in 20 hours: 
“20 hours is doable — that’s about 45 minutes a day for about a month, even skipping a couple of days here and there.” 
4 tips for learning new skills quickly: 
"For this disaster, we need to redefine our job as a first responder. We need to be more than just the cavalry. We need to do more than just save a life. We need to find ways to rebuild that life." @blazinwv 
In the opioid crisis, here's what it takes to save a life:  @blazinwv 
There's never a bad time to start a good habit. 
This man revolutionized finance... with complex math: 
Here's why you should appoint someone to be the devil's advocate in your life. (No seriously, hear us out.) 
It's that time of year. Here are 5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
What are you doing with your life?! 
"It is time that we start seeing people as people and not simply the ideas that we project onto them." 
Viruses have a bad reputation — but some of them could one day save your life. 
8 Incredibly soothing TED Talks: 
The price of being single: 
5 TED Talks on extremely weird science:  
A handful of tech companies control billions of minds every day. Here's how:  @tristanharris 
This is the date you should go on before your first date: 

Watch @cmwalla's full TED Talk here:  
New year, new you. Here's a simple way to rethink the meaning of your life: 
These TED Talks are perfect for kiddos excited about science and technology: 
5 simple tips to help you communicate better with your teenager: 

5 signs that math education is failing: 
Learn how to talk to anyone, anywhere: 
Research suggests that even working 40 hours a week is too much. 
How to become a more hopeful person:  
Your gut and your brain communicate all the time. Understanding how could change the way we treat everything from anorexia to PTSD. 
This is the smallest thing in the universe: 
How to find the courage to do what you love, even when failure is likely: 
Is your family driving you nuts? Escape with these talks: 
"Monogamy used to be one person for life. Today, monogamy is one person at a time." 
These TED Talks will make you rethink how you measure success. 
10 TED Talks to watch in a row because you "forgot" to make plans tonight: 
9 TED Talks that will inspire you to be brave: 
3 kinds of bias that shape your worldview:  @DrShepherd2013 
These books will make you feel hopeful for the future: 
Let's talk about stats, baby. 
Are you easily fooled by statistics? Test yourself with the quizzes in this talk: 
How to think outside the box with your New Year's resolutions: 
How "baby bonds" could help close the wealth gap:  
We’ll tell you what TED Talk to watch based on your personality: 
12 TED Talks to motivate you in the New Year: 
"It's uncomfortable to not believe things." The logical basis for believing in conspiracies: 
"Our economy, our society, we're losing out because we're not raising our girls to be brave."  @reshmasaujani
8 TED Talks to help you do better research:  
"This isn't about politics. This is the algorithm figuring out human behavior. I once watched a video about vegetarianism on YouTube and YouTube recommended a video about being vegan. It's like you're never hardcore enough for YouTube." @zeynep 
Take a load off and relax with these soothing TED Talks. 
A fascinating talk on fractals -- beautiful branching patterns found in nature:  
Did you know that you're 30 times more likely to laugh if you're with somebody else than if you're alone? 
A shift in perspective can help you see what you're passionate about at work. 
Short on time? These talks are 3 minutes or less: 
The biggest differences between Gen X and Gen Y at work: 
7 TED Talks for easily startled introverts:  
"Sooner or later, I think we all wonder: Is this all there is?" @EmEsfahaniSmith 
"Where did we come from? How did the universe come into being? Are we alone in the universe? What is the future of the human race?"

Stephen Hawking on some of the biggest questions of our time: 
These are the benefits of pursuing "good enough" over perfection, at work and in your personal life: 
Take a music break with the one and only @SaraRamirez. 
This subtle lighting shift makes a Pixar movie come alive: 
"Only if you are truly open to the possibility of being wrong can you ever learn." 
Learn how to argue — and disagree politely — from a debate champion: 
The transformative power of classical music:  @BenjaminZander
"It's all the unanswered questions that make mathematics a living subject." The fascinating riddle of symmetry: 
How babies make decisions with a surprisingly strong sense of logic: 
"Even in science, we should make use of our feelings. For breakthroughs and innovation, they are equally important as facts and logic." 
"The combination of both logic and emotions is crucial for facing challenges and exploring new worlds." 
"Exercise is the most transformative thing that you can do for your brain today." @wasuzuki 
How to make New Year's resolutions that actually work out this time: 
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
Want to help your resolutions stick? Make this one-word change: 
Next time one of these 5 excuses crosses your mind, you'll have the antidote. 
7 simple leadership lessons from music: 
You might be surprised. Take this quiz to learn more about your true self. #WorkLife 
Because no one enjoys talking about the weather. 
How to exercise when it’s the last thing you want to do: 
"Joy is so important to your health." Why healthy behaviors won't stick unless there's some joy in them: 
Meetings are the ultimate time-suck. Here's how to fix them. 
The science is in. If your camera captures the moment, then your brain doesn’t.  
This kindergarten is designed to let kids be kids.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
How trees talk to each other:  
9 creative New Year's resolutions: 
QUIZ: Which TED Talk are you? 
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." 
Try these fascinating experiments to see how your mind works:  
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
4 TED Talks about poop, because why not.  
"A fact is not data, it may not be representative if it's only one data point. And data is not evidence -- it may not be supportive if it's consistent with rival theories." 
This new kind of community is creating a better aging experience:  
"No matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal." 
If a healthier you is one of your New Year's resolutions, here's how you can motivate yourself to make it happen: 
This talk is a lovely reminder to be kind to yourself: 
Have six minutes to spare? Plenty of time to learn 40 Chinese characters:  
Knowing more than one language keeps your brain healthy, complex and actively engaged. 
You should consider adding "learn a new language" to your New Year's resolutions. 
What making music does to your brain:  
"Want-to goals reflect a person’s genuine interest and values, while have-to goals are imposed, often by a nagging loved one or by our own sense of obligation." 
"There’s nothing in the auditory world that is harder for the brain to process than music.” 
5 excuses we use to not work out, and how to change your thinking. 
Here's why your body prefers to poop at home: 
Emotion and logic aren't incompatible. Here's why science needs both:  
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
9 tips to take care of yourself in challenging times: 
Why you should add 'get more sleep' to your New Year's resolutions: 
This is how habits form — and how to break them: 
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
"The way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep." 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
Want to be a good friend? Erase this sentence from your vocabulary:  
"25 years ago, I wrote racist music that found its way to the internet decades later and partially inspired a young white nationalist to walk into a sacred Charleston, South Carolina, church and senselessly massacre nine innocent people." @cpicciolini 
This quiz will find you the perfect TED Talk: 
Please, for the love of all that is good in this world, let the teens sleep. 
A crash course in how to recognize deception: 
We don't recommend not sleeping in order to answer this question. Just watch the video. 
This quiz will find you the perfect TED Talk: 
Want to achieve your goals? Pick up these 4 habits: 
Stop stalking your ex on social media. Seriously, stop. 
"How can you not love mercy — kindness, compassion, forgiveness? It’s like not loving dessert, or cheese."   #TED2017
"Depression doesn’t diminish a person’s desire to connect with other people, just their ability." #TalkingAboutIt 
So here's a fun question: How does the mammalian erection work? 
"Teaching is a creative profession, not a delivery system. Great teachers mentor, stimulate, provoke, engage." 
This list of books assigned to students everywhere will expand your horizons — and your bookshelves: 
"Only dead people never get stressed, never get broken hearts, never experience the disappointment that comes with failure. Tough emotions are part of our contract with life." @SusanDavid_PhD 
"Algorithms are opinions embedded in code." @mathbabedotorg 
The factors in childhood that predict success later in life: 
Giant clams weigh as much as three baby elephants! 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
"99 percent of human qualities and abilities are simply redundant for the performance of most modern jobs." 
“There’s very good evidence that shows when you confront people with a ton of facts that contradict their worldview, it actually causes them to hold their existing beliefs more strongly.”  
This powerful talk by Bryan Stevenson got the longest standing ovation in TED's history: 
"When your heart is broken, the same instincts you ordinarily rely on will time and again lead you down the wrong path. You simply cannot trust what your mind is telling you." @GuyWinch 
This riddle has been called the hardest logic puzzle ever. Give it your best shot.  via @TED_ED
Ask yourself this question every time you pick up your phone: 
Feeling stuck? It's time to reinvent yourself. 
"Algorithms don't make things fair. They repeat our past practices, our patterns. They automate the status quo." 
Just get your heart broken? Don't idealize your ex. 
Is it better to take one long vacation or a few short ones? Let's check the research: 
This could be the secret to a truly satisfying night's sleep. @DanGartenberg 
"People have sex for many reasons, some because they want a baby, but most of us have sex because it feels good." 
How to talk about masculinity and harassment in college locker rooms: 
Because "lose weight" is boring for the 10th year in a row. 
4 tips to help you set effective goals: 
Meet the artist who submerged Ariana Grande in a pool of paint during her "God Is a Woman" music video:  @ArianaGrande @AlexaMeadeArt 
"Your fears distort your reality. Under the warped logic of fear, anything is better than the uncertain." 
Want to reach your goals in the new year? Stop believing these 5 myths about success: 
"The way to grow your power is to give it away, and your voice is at the heart of your power." 
It's not just you. Your rude coworker is actually ruining the company.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
aaaaaaAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!! 

(Here's what roller coasters actually do to your body.) 
@PRiasis Coaches can be awesome. 
@FreshLikePennyG Hey Penny! We're so sorry we didn't get to you yesterday. To make it up to you, here are six :) 
Museums should honor the everyday, not just the extraordinary:  @ArianaCurtis413 
Ease into the weekend with these relaxing TED Talks. 
How one chef is honoring his roots by cooking his way through history: 
This is gross but fascinating: Bakers have completely different species of bacteria living on their hands. 
Lust and love are key to a healthy relationship. Here's how you can better understand both: 
"People who consider their work to be a calling tend to be more satisfied than those who think of their work as 'just' a job." 
That's all we have time for today, folks! Thank you for hanging out with us. 

Our apologies if we didn't have the chance to recommend a TED Talk for you, but you can always sign up for personalized picks from TED Recommends here:  
@gv_c29 Such an important topic. You might appreciate this TED Talk. 
@JGreathouse141 This is one of our absolute favorite TED Talks. 
@allieholla Here you go, Allison! 
@karenlmueller2 We've got you covered. 
@GoldenZettah You might like this one! 
@AlisterAllouche Aren't we all? 
@_KatyMorgan Wishing you luck! 
@TheJudithLife We love these talks about masculinity, some of which are by parents too. 
@LynninDC It's totally possible. 
@fabidelamiyar Good luck! 
@elainelarkin Sending you love. 
@kn33mo This is a thought-provoking TED Talk about becoming a mother: 
@boldorold Here are a few more! 
@FedericaMaestra Word. 
@Evans_Caroline Here you go, Caroline! We hope this helps. 
@TamarraNarra Here's a good one about managing your time like a pro: 
@GabyAl_ Such a good skill! These should help you get started: 
@unlock_sherlock Good things to have on your mind! 
@barbaraliau This is one of our favorite TED Talks about mastery: 
@tsgamer29 This talk has really great advice: 
@greenkandi Stress stinks. We hope it gets better soon. If not... these TED Talks might help.  
@AnnetteG2014 This is an absolutely beautiful talk you might like, Annette. 
@incognitoucd Caregivers are so important. Thank you for your hard work. 
@Caro2daLina This is a great talk about moving between careers/restarting your career: 
@missnikki2020 We're cheering you on. 
@alekswalsh Watch this talk with tissues. 
@mupwa Good luck, Ana! 
@Emmy_Lambie_Pie We'll be cheering you on, Emma. 
@Thandie_Nyoni We've got you! 
@marshapincus Here you go, Marsha! 
@cmpbllwbstr You're stressing us out, Rachael! 
@bbundale We wish all schools were like this school. 
@Brandxandra Heck yes, we're rooting for you! 
@BrainyMisc Such a good cause! 
@St21Stuart This might be good inspiration for the next time you're having trouble focusing on your studies! 
@ReginaldMckni12 We're rooting for you!! 
@Mss_Jolene We feel you. 
@Deraram Good luck Delaram!! 
@rekcahdab Good luck! 
@JessicaVelle But they're so cuuuute!! Here's some advice:  
@ipitch18_ Good luck, Gracie! 
@AO_sportpsych Also, congratulations!!
@AO_sportpsych Personally, this is my favorite TED Talk about marriage: 
@carrie_biddle Here you go, Carrie! 
@jenyoowenMiller Heck yeah, Jen. Here's a TED Talk by one of our favorite female entrepreneurs and rule-breakers. 
@itsFabian Here's a great TED Talk by one of our favorite dads. 
@aineejeong Wishing you good luck as you study, friend. 
@ShivamSwaraj100 Hope you enjoy, Shivam! 
@MrMChes Happy holidays, Michael! 
@KSFall Wow, we have the perfect TED Talk for this. Hope you enjoy it! 
@nellyocs90 This is a cool talk about how companies can do good: 
@Cybernicus Haha, we do have a good TED Talk about working with difficult people, if that's what you mean by politics! 
@AnnickNaranjo Here's a cool TED Talk about the future of travel! 
@FerHaus1 We're so sorry for your loss, friend. 
@sharpjes These two teens are wonderful and so smart. 
@romvabdan We are huge alien fans. 
@smol8ball You'll LOVE this one. 
@Srqfabulous That's tricky, Fran! Maybe finding some folks to mentor and be mentored by will breathe some freshness into your work?  

But if not, here's a fun talk to watch when you're feeling burnt out and deserve some joy all for yourself: 
@oats_and We're not sure what the progress on bionic eyes is, but this talk about new bionics is fascinating: 
@miss_writer ;) 
@schuttdan Such a cool topic. Here's one of the most surprising uses of AR/VR to us: 
@leach_becki Thanks! 
@Alealejandro768 Here you go, Alejandro! 
@M_nisa0 It absolutely is. 
@Cieerrenlynn Wishing you and your loved ones a wonderful year, CC. We believe in you. 
@OllyHamilton Ah, the timeless question. 
@emanweil Wishing you luck while you navigate those changes, Eman. These might be good talks to bookmark when you need a little time to yourself: 
@maisysh These might be good TED Talks to bookmark and watch when you need them, Maisy: 
@LouisaConlon Here you go, Louisa! 
@Lig_Fig This is a classic but always worth re-watching! 
@nxpa76 This is an excellent talk about feeling your emotions and not letting them rule you: 
@mmahmutdgn Walking is great exercise — and a great way to be more creative! 
@agillatc This talk about sports, science and math is really weird and cool. 
@rohithkumar_19 Sounds like you might need some tips on embracing joy instead! 
@LLCoolJua A very worthy goal. 
@toandfro1979 This might give you some inspiration. 
@TheRealRatch Don't stress us out, Andrew! 
@Keighlagh We think you'll really appreciate this talk, Keighlagh: 
@possiblyKit Here you go, Kit! 
@KMau72 This isn't a talk but it's really, really good advice from TED's Ideas Blog: 
@InviGomeZ This was our best adventure talk of 2018! 
@mardi_gra5 They're just different kinds of important! 
@grinsellamm Here you go, Betty! 
@wimthetim This TED Talk about depression is legendary: 
@evelinsukosd We have many, many talks for you, Evelin! 
@RDub1701 This is one of our favorite talks about autism by @stevesilberman: 
@Mispitones Do you mean Marvel as in superheroes? 
@kiz_sara Here yah go, Kiz! 
@kelsyleee Here's how to wow 'em in those interviews, Kelsy :) 
@laserfiche We have your back. 
"By shifting our perspective, we can achieve a greater sense of purpose without changing what we’re doing."  
@Hupsefladder Such a good goal. 
@hanagracemusic We're so sorry to hear you're going through such a difficult time, hanagrace. This TED Talk about disability rights is one of our favorites: 
@HadiSinaee This is a beautiful talk by a true leader: 
@205_chick This is an interesting talk about what causes change: 
@boringfileclerk We weirdly have a lot of TED Talks about mushrooms. 
@f4d3z We like to aim high and fail spectacularly!
@_MarlonPeterson Hahah, Marlon, I was about to recommend your own TED Talk before I read your name on the tweet!!

In case anyone else is interested, here's Marlon's fantastic TED Talk: 

And here's one for you, Marlon: 
@num_num96 We have SO many talks on this! 
@Holyseven_ Dude, we feel you. 
@NGD_2 We.... do not have a TED Talk on that. You have stumped us. But toasters are pretty cool. 
@__rxi2 Sounds like this talk will give you some good tips! 
@lcweck Yes, absolutely!! Such an important thing to think about. Seems like you'll love this talk: 
@universeandi More energy = better sleep! 💤 
@nicholebford This talk is, uh, thought-provoking. 
@AARR_1983 Here are some of our favorite poems from the TED stage! 
@acwilcox This new talk has a wild idea about closing the wealth gap. Fun to think about even if you disagree! 
@sarskhan2 Start practicing, Sarah! 
@icv78 Always a struggle, Isaac. 
@seh Such an important skill. We hope these help! 
@natashacaudilll There's some great discussion of how to be civil with people who frustrate us in here: 
@IamDallasLyn 👀 
@Abel_Abel_34 Good luck, Abel! We hope you find your path. 
@airam_maryfer @LetToysBeToys Sounds like you'll love McKenna! 
@salxtai Tiq and Kim are our relationship role models here at TED :) 
@lady_bree Sounds like you need to watch something fun and totally unrelated to politics. 
@santiagosangel Here are some of our favorite TED Talks about literature! 
@boldorold The science of this talk is really cool. 
@KARISSAPUKAS No joke, we have the perfect TED Talk about sustainability and textiles: 
@ninjapirate902 This TED Talk about how our brains focus taught us a lot: 
@katy_is_a_b Who doesn't want more happiness? This TED Talk is a classic: 
@1FaizaShahid Hi Faiza! This TED Talk by @JedidahIslerPhD about supermassive hyperactive black holes is really, really cool. 
We might have trouble getting to everyone (hello from the actual humans running this account!), but we'll do the best we can to reply.

In the meantime, you should sign up for TED Recommends! Find the perfect TED Talk for you based on your interests:  
Knowing more than one language keeps your brain healthy, complex and actively engaged. 
5 tips to help you raise happy, self-sufficient kids: 
These talks will help you survive your job until your holiday break. 
The real reason female entrepreneurs get less funding:  @KanzeDana 
You should give your office's confusing software a second chance. 
Slowing down is an art. This is how you master it: 
What it's really like to live with ADHD:  @HowtoADHD
Do schools kill creativity? Back in 2006, @SirKenRobinson posed this question to the TED audience – and boy, did it touch a nerve. 

On #TheTEDInterview, @TEDchris and Sir Ken talk about how educators are thinking about creativity these days:  
These are @TEDchris's favorite TED Talks of 2018: 
"I was tired of trying, of putting more effort into life than everyone else and falling farther and farther behind." — Jessica McCabe  @HowtoADHD
Ben Cort isn’t saying that legalizing marijuana is a bad idea. But he does want us to ask some tough questions first about the multibillion-dollar global industry for all things weed. 
Inside the perplexing and creative world of making puzzles:  @traffiquelite
The joyful, perplexing world of puzzle hunts:  @traffiquelite 
We can now create videos of people saying things they never said. This is how you can spot them.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
We get it, there are a lot of TED Talks. So many. Literally thousands. So we made a quiz that recommends which TED Talk you should watch next based on your personality. Let us know what you get! 
How I’m unlearning dangerous lessons about masculinity: 
Job interviews can teach you a lot about who you are and how people see you. 

What I learned about masculinity in prison: 
Important advice for anyone in a serious relationship: 
These books will make you feel hopeful for the future: 
In this episode of @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers explore how we can regenerate and re-use resources. 
There are many different types of extroverts, and you need all of them in the workplace. 
Take this quiz to find out what TED Talk you should watch next.  
How to break the cycle of toxic masculinity:  @ej3 
How are educators thinking about creativity these days? Why should creativity be a focus at all?

In this episode of #TheTEDInterview, @TEDchris sits down with @sirkenrobinson to discuss his viral 2006 TED Talk and how his thinking has changed since:  
Introducing the first living organisms created with six-letter DNA — the four natural letters plus two new man-made ones, X and Y. 
Can we teach AI to understand nostalgia and intuition? @rarar 
Bubbles — beautiful, feisty troublemakers.  
The microbes on your skin are almost as unique as your fingerprints. Here's what they say about you: 
Wondering what TED Talk you should watch next? Take this short quiz and receive a recommendation that matches your personality. 
Take our new quiz to find out which TED Talk you really are: 
When technology can read minds, how will we protect our privacy? 
Here's who really gets rich from legalizing recreational marijuana: 
The fascinating science of bubbles, from soap to champagne:  
How a fleet of wind-powered drones is changing our understanding of the ocean:  
How to have a productive conversation about climate change: 
This is how your kid's access to technology will shape their personality:  
Want to be more creative? Go for a walk. 
This is how your brain influences your understanding of what you think you know:  @DrShepherd2013
3 kinds of bias that shape your worldview:  @DrShepherd2013 
"Sometimes shifting your perspective is more powerful than being smart."  @astroteller
What happens to privacy when we can read people’s minds? 

We know you're not going to give up your phone entirely. Here's how you can realistically cut down on screen time. 
Test yourself: How wise are you? 
How women in India are protesting the lack of safety in public places:  #INeverAskForIt #MeetToSleep
Why women in India are sleeping in public places as an act of protest:  #INeverAskForIt #MeetToSleep
8 TED Talks to help you do better research:  
"Airplane" mode? More like "literally all the time" mode. 
This low-weight, flexible film can turn the energy of the sun into electricity. 
What the longest study on childhood tells us about parenting: 
How machines are developing intuition -- and building things that would never occur to humans: 
Giant clams weigh as much as three baby elephants! 
How diets affect your brain -- and why this healthy alternative may be more effective: 
How trees talk to each other:  
A scientist explores the mysteries of the gut-brain connection:  
The most important thing you can do to fight climate change: talk about it.   @KHayhoe 
This could be the secret to a truly satisfying night's sleep. @DanGartenberg 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
The key to talking about climate change is hope, not fear:  @KHayhoe 
Why you, dear reader, should care, ever so deeply, about the comma: 
6 books that will make you feel all your feelings — and 72 other great reads: 
4 books to read if you’re fascinated by the inner lives of well-known people — and 74 other great reads: 
Beat your holiday stress with these beautiful books. 
Why two math-loving sisters made a coral reef out of crochet: 
A fascinating, creepy video tour of abandoned shopping malls: 
Copenhagener Ole Kassow launched a program to bring older Danes on bicycle outings. Now volunteer bicyclists in 29 countries are taking their passengers on the road: 
Meritocracy is a myth. This is the real key to getting ahead at work: 
Why you need a sponsor — not just a mentor — at work: 
How to convince someone to advocate for your success at work: 
If you've never binge-watched TED Talks, this would be a good time to start. 
How to find the person who can help you get ahead at work:  @carlaannharris 
"There is no virgin seal that magically disappears after sex, and half of virgins can easily have sex without bleeding." @under_livet 
We need to encourage — not punish — college athletes who use their voices. 
If you need help asking for the salary you deserve, this playlist can give you new negotiation tools. 
We tend to focus on child prodigies and young entrepreneurs, but there's a lot more to learn from people who took longer to find success: 

What shapes happiness -- the experiences we have, or the stories we tell ourselves about them afterwards? Listen to our newest episode of #TheTEDInterview with @TEDchris now:  
Why you should treat the tech you use at work like a colleague:  
This is how your brain influences your understanding of what you think you know:  @DrShepherd2013
Before you go to a holiday party, you should know how to leave a boring conversation: 
These inspiring talks offer the kick-in-the-pants you need to unleash your creative spirit. 
Want to achieve mastery? Embrace the near win: 
Why some people find success later in life: 

How you can connect with a friend who is depressed: 

The 25 most popular TED Talks of 2018: 
This is the date you should go on before your first date: 

Watch @cmwalla's full TED Talk here:  
How to raise a kid in the digital age: 
How cycling can bring people together — at any age: 
Tech that reveals what you're thinking and feeling is on the horizon. Here's what we need to do to protect our thoughts: 
How you can finally win at Monopoly, according to math: 
Learn why Daniel Kahneman says overconfidence is the fatal flaw we should all watch out for in this new episode of #TheTEDInterview with @TEDchris. 

Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
3 kinds of bias that shape your worldview:  @DrShepherd2013 
"Coming close to what you thought you wanted can help you attain more than you ever dreamed you could." 
For over 75 years, this famous study has tracked the lives of 724 men. These were the strongest predictors they found for a happy and healthy life. 
What does it take to change the world in big, radical ways?

On #TheTEDInterview, @TEDChris and @bailproject's Robin Steinberg discuss how to fight injustice. Listen now:  
The hymen is not proof of virginity, not everyone bleeds the first time they have sex, and other lies we tell about sex:  @under_livet
Every night, 450,000 people in the U.S. stay in jail without having been convicted of a crime simply because they can't afford bail.

On #TheTEDInterview, @TEDChris and @bailproject's Robin Steinberg tackle how to fight this huge injustice. 

Listen now:  
Everything you think you know about virginity is nonsense. @under_livet 
This is why we often perform at our worst under pressure, even when we feel like we're at the top of our game. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
100 solutions to climate change:
  @ChadFrischmann 
@Spxxms We would not recommend replacing therapy with TED Talks, but we are glad to help!
It's weird, we know. But it's for science! 
This is what happens to your online returns: 
This is how you can see the world with a new set of eyes: 
When technology can read minds, how will we protect our privacy? 
This is what it's really like to live on Mars: 
More stuff does not equal happiness, so let some of it go. We promise you'll feel better once you do. 
On the @TEDRadioHour, 4 TED speakers help us find joy in unexpected places. 
"The only way that I can handle grief is the same way that I handle love, by not handling it."

Listen to @GilbertLiz share how she is healing from the death of her great love, now on #TheTEDInterview:  
Holiday party tip: come ready to gracefully exit a conversation. Here's how you do it: 
Your online shopping habit might cost more than you think. 
Keep fake handbags off your holiday gift list! 
Here are some dos and don'ts to help you talk to friends who are struggling. 

If you feel like you've hit a wall.... we've got you: 
Asking yourself these seven questions can help you do the things that scare you: 
What happens to privacy when we can read people’s minds? 

These talks will help you chill out and enjoy your day. 
Learn how to enhance your power of perception: 
3 TED Talks to watch before you ask for a raise: 
"We're hurrying through our lives, instead of actually living them. We're living the fast life, instead of the good life." 
How to push past your biggest anxieties and act: 
People who develop a more complex understanding of their emotions are healthier and go to the doctor less frequently: 
These inspiring talks offer the kick-in-the-pants you need to unleash your creative spirit. 
78 books to help you recharge your life: 
4 questions to spark thought-provoking conversations: 
Here are your must-reads for 2019: 
"Bubble-wrapping kids can prevent the full development of empathy, which often emerges directly from having experienced negative emotions themselves." 
14 TED Talks to help you ward off existential dread: 
3 ways to keep love and lust alive in a relationship: 
“What domestic workers do is fundamental to the very basics of human need and humanity. They are there when we are born into this world; they shape who we become in this world; and they are with us as we prepare to leave this world.” @aijenpoo 
Your winter reading list is here, just in time to gently suggest someone gives you one of these for the holidays: 
78 must-read books to add to your wish list: 
“Domestic workers are in charge of the fundamentals. They love and they care, and they show compassion no matter what.” @aijenpoo 
A lesson on looking:  @AmyHermanAOP
Talking about race can be difficult. But Mellody Hobson argues that we need to do it anyway – boldly and often.

Listen to #TheTEDInterview now:  
Mellody Hobson shares her vision of a more harmonious, diverse America — and the difficult truths we need to swallow to get there. 

Listen to #TheTEDInterview now:  
The psychology of smiling, and what your smile means about you. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
What is Islam's role in the world today? In this episode of #TheTEDInterview with @TEDChris, @DMogahed shares what she believes are the most common misconceptions of the world’s second-biggest religion. 

Listen now:  
What sets humanity apart from other animals? 

In this episode of #TheTEDInterview, @TEDchris and @DavidDeutschOxf discuss how knowledge first developed. Listen now:  
Your bike helmet won’t save you from a concussion: 
“Suddenly, a movement that was started to support all survivors of sexual violence is being talked about like it’s a vindictive plot against men. And I’m like, ’Huh?’” @TaranaBurke on #MeToo #TEDWomen 
This is why your voice seems so terrible on recordings.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
“The most powerful movements have always been built around what’s possible, not just claiming what is right now. Trauma halts possibility. Movement activates it.” @TaranaBurke #TEDWomen 
The art of asking for what you want -- even when it's scary:  @amandapalmer
"My vision for the Me Too Movement is a part of a collective vision to see a world free of sexual violence, and I believe we can build that world. Full stop.” @TaranaBurke #TEDWomen 
How to build a city that doesn't terrify pedestrians:  @JeffSpeckAICP
Why scientists are giving hypnosis a second look: 

The transition to motherhood is incredibly hard. This TED Talk is perfect for any new moms having a tough time.  @alexandra_sacks
Every family has a story. These questions will help you learn about your family's history. #TheGreatListen 
There's no limit to what you can be grateful for. This man's journey to thank every person responsible for making his morning coffee will give you a new outlook on gratitude: 
How to motivate people to do good for others:  
Here's how to get rid of what you don't need — for good: 
“There’s very good evidence that shows when you confront people with a ton of facts that contradict their worldview, it actually causes them to hold their existing beliefs more strongly.” 
"When you talk to strangers, you're making beautiful interruptions into the expected narrative of your daily life and theirs. You're making unexpected connections." 

Ray Kurzweil has made a name for himself by accurately predicting the future of technology. 

On this new episode of #TheTEDInterview with @TEDchris, he shares what he thinks is coming our way next. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
“The key to overcoming your fears about networking is to practice a little bit every day — and to do it when you don’t need specific help.” 
After realizing how much time, money, and stress their annual gift exchange was costing them, one family figured out a way to do it painlessly.  
Get a head start on those New Year's resolutions with inspiration for all aspects of your life: 
"I don't have goals; I have fantasies. They're exactly like goals but without the hard work." 
 
"When I feel a twinge of excitement at someone else’s misery, I try to catch it like a spider under a glass to peer at it more closely before I settle, inevitably, into that familiar sour aftertaste of self-disgust." 
“What do I do next? I’m going to do what I’ve always done. I’m going to move forward, because going backwards isn’t an option and standing still is not enough.” @staceyabrams 
3 questions to ask yourself about everything you do:  @staceyabrams 
Ray Kurzweil has made a name for himself by accurately predicting the future of technology. 

On this new episode of #TheTEDInterview with @TEDchris, he shares what he thinks is coming our way next:  
The business of fixing an ailing government:  @charity_wayua 
"Dinosaurs pushed the envelope of physiological possibility, broke record after record and were paragons of success by almost any measure." @kenlacovara 
What it's like to go to Antarctica, from people who braved the cold so you don't have to. 
2 paths that could help humans survive to the next century: 
Why we should have a shorter workweek: 
Make your end of year review as painless and productive as possible: 
Your annual performance review doesn't have to be uncomfortable. Here's how to make it work for you: 
Tips on how to let creativity flourish, from a reformed micromanager: 
My failed mission to find God — and what I found instead:  @anjalikumar 
How do young queer women define virginity? 
The fascinating brains of selfless people:  @aa_marsh
A football player on how we can prevent concussions: 
"There was a library in San Francisco that did an amnesty day last year, and they welcomed back 5,000 users who had been blocked. That same day, they received more than 700,000 items that were overdue. Among them was one book that was 100 years overdue." 
How to raise gutsy girls:  @carowriter
This study has tracked the lives of 724 people for 78 years. Here's what it learned: 
Research suggests that even working 40 hours a week is too much. 
The unexpected math behind Van Gogh's "Starry Night":  (via @TED_ED) 
We're not sure how these strange TED Talks became cult hits, but we're not complaining. 
This riddle has been called the hardest logic puzzle ever. Give it your best shot.  via @TED_ED
"Falling in love is not the same thing as staying in love. Falling in love is the easy part." — @LenMandy 
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
"We believe that we can eliminate trachoma in 12 African countries and across the Americas and all across the Pacific." @Sightsavers 
Want to change someone's mind about politics? Here's some practical advice:  @GhostfaceWiller
Have six minutes to spare? Plenty of time to learn 40 Chinese characters:  
11 TED Talks to watch on #WorldAIDSDay: 
"Most of what kids currently learn at school will probably be irrelevant by the time they are 40." 
How to build an Alzheimer's-resistant brain:  @LisaGenova 
The string theory explainer you've been waiting for: 
Introspection is incredibly important, but ruminating is damaging. Here's how to stay on the right side of self-reflection:  
“What we fear most is that we will be denied the opportunity to fulfill our true potential."  @danpallotta
10 things you didn't know about orgasm:  @mary_roach
These are the 5 kinds of mentors you should look for in 2019. 
"The act of noticing is a crucial part of gratitude; you can’t be grateful if your attention is scattered."  
The choices we make when we fall in love: 
"Exercise is the most transformative thing that you can do for your brain today." @wasuzuki 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
"I’ll repeat something you might consider tattooing on your forehead: What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do." 
"Every human has the right to walk through this life with their full humanity intact." — @TaranaBurke

Watch Tarana's full TED Talk about the #MeToo movement here:  #TEDWomen 
@CecileRichards You won the meme, it's official.
"In every other part of our lives, we give ourselves room to grow -- except in this one, where it matters most." 
The story of Marvel's first queer Latina superhero:  @QuirkyRican 
This is the best way to introduce yourself to someone new. 
That's a wrap for #TEDWomen! We can't wait to share the talks with you online... coming soon! 
"What do I do next? I'm going to do what I've always done. I'm going to move forward, because going backwards isn't an option and standing still is not enough." @staceyabrams #TEDWomen 
"Finances are often a reason we don’t let ourselves dream. I can't say that you will always overcome those obstacles, but you will be damned if you do not try." @staceyabrams #TEDWomen
"I'm here to tell you to be aggressive about your ambition. Do not allow setbacks to set you back." @staceyabrams #TEDWomen
"As an activist, I am less concerned with dying than with how it will happen. It sounds cruel, but it is the reality. Dictators are cruel monsters." @Farida_N #TEDWomen
"It is the stories of resistance, of defiance, of resilience that inspire people to get involved, not the stories of abuse and killings and hurt. Because as humans, it's only natural for us to be scared." @Farida_N on how the press can responsibly cover dictatorships #TEDWomen
"To empower girls, you need to educate them. That was my dream. And so I built a school. In the process I learned something much bigger: when you empower a girl, you transform a community. School is just the start." @kakenyasdream #TEDWomen
"One of us can be ignored. Two of us can be dismissed. But together, we are a movement, and we’re unstoppable." @cecilerichards #TEDWomen
"The most powerful, profound leadership in the world isn't coming from the halls of government, it’s coming from women in the grassroots all across the globe." @cecilerichards #TEDWomen
"Fear is not going to motivate us for the long-term, sustained change we need. What we need is rational hope, a positive vision of a better future with abundant energy, with a stable economy, where our lives are not worse, but better than they are today." @KHayhoe #TEDWomen
@Farida_N Break a leg!! You're going to be amazing.
"Societies that don't respect women’s anger don't respect women. The real danger of our anger is that it exactly shows how seriously we take ourselves, and we expect other people to take us seriously as well." @schemaly #TEDWomen
"Anger is a human emotion, neither good nor bad. It's actually a signal emotion: it warns us of indignity, threat, insult and harm. Severing anger from femininity means we sever girls and women from the emotion that best protects us from injustice." @schemaly #TEDWomen
GreenCake wants to rebuild the Gaza strip by collecting rubble and ashes from demolished houses and turning them into sustainable and eco-friendly bricks. @MajdMashharawi  #TEDWomen 
"Unlike similar immersive technologies (like virtual reality) that inspire to transport you into a completely parallel digital world, augmented reality adds a digital layer directly onto or within our existing physical environment." @galitariel #TEDWomen
"We are guilty of historical misrepresentation. Our male-centered histories have left our herstories hidden." @ArianaCurtis413 on how museums leave out the lives of everyday women, especially women of color #TEDWomen
Me Too is a movement, not a moment:  @TaranaBurke #TEDWomen 
"A grieving person is going to laugh again and smile again. Yes, they're going to move forward. But that doesn't mean that they've moved on." @noraborealis #TEDWomen
"The way to grow your power is to give it away, and your voice is at the heart of your power. Use it." @carlaannharris on why it's worth advocating for others at work #TEDWomen
"This idea of a meritocracy that every organization sells is really just a myth. You can't have a 100% meritocratic environment when there is a human element involved in the equation, because by definition that makes it subjective." @carlaannharris #TEDWomen
@DrKWilkinson 💪🏽
Teachers and bosses devote a lot of attention to over- and under-performers. But what about everyone else? @DrDanielleMoss wants us to remember the "forgotten middle" who are capable of achieving a lot more with our support. #TEDWomen
"[@Google is] committed to matching 100% of the energy that we use with renewable sources, neutralizing all carbon emissions associated with our operations." Kate Brandt, Google Sustainability Officer #TEDWomen
All of Chulalongkorn Centenary Park in Bangkok is inclined so that it can collect rain water and prevent flooding. The park can hold 1,000,000 gallons of water. #TEDWomen 
@AMatthiesen We're grateful for you, Alexandra.
"In American history, whenever we’ve faced the forces of regression, moral movements have arisen to call us to higher ground." @UniteThePoor #TEDWomen
"Poverty is not divine necessity. It's human creation. Ending poverty is possible." @UniteThePoor #TEDWomen
De Hogeweyk in The Netherlands looks like a normal neighborhood, but it’s actually a care facility for people living with advanced Dementia. It helps its residents live fun, meaningful lives without the confusion and stress of a traditional, hospital-like nursing home. #TEDWomen 
Elephants create vibrations through the ground and the air to communicate with each other. Tarje Nissen-Meyer and @DrBethMortimer are using the same equipment that tracks earthquakes to listen in on elephant conversations and movements. #TEDWomen
"Our social movements should be like jazz: encouraging active participation, listening, spontaneity and freedom." @aja_monet @PhilofDDreams #TEDWomen
"Don’t allow our voices to be stifled in the present, because we are your journalists of the future, not your enemies." @nehamira14 and @the_realhal on why we need to protect the First Amendment rights of student journalists #TEDWomen
"It's not unheard of for the average firefighter in Huntington, WV to deal with or see up to 5 young deaths per month. These are their friends. These are their classmates." @blazinwv on the need for mental health support for first responders #TEDWomen
"We need to redefine our job as first responders. We need to be more than just the cavalry. We need to do more than save a life. We need to rebuild that life." @blazinwv on treating the opioid epidemic #TEDWomen
"The call towards authenticity asks you to trust that the truth will not only set you free, it will set everyone free. I decided to stake my life on it, so I came out." @paulaswilliams2 on why she came out as trans, risking her career as a conservative Christian leader #TEDWomen
"Do not be complacent. Know what you believe. You don’t want to walk in one morning a juror and leave at the end of the trial feeling like a murderer." Lindy Lou Isonhood's advice for anyone who serves on a jury is to know where you stand on the death penalty. #TEDWomen
"Why should immigrants have to prove themselves extraordinary to deserve a seat at the table, to deserve a fighting chance? When we dehumanize one another, we dehumanize ourselves. People are valuable because they're people." @maevehiggins #TEDWomen
"A quantum computer is not just a more powerful version of our current computers... just like a lightbulb is not a more powerful candle. You can't build a lightbulb by just building better and better candles." Shohini Ghose #TEDWomen
"No intersex person is free from the emotional harm that comes from living in a society that tries to cover up your existence." @emilord #TEDWomen
"Intersex people represent around 2% of the population. We’re not new or rare. We’re just invisible. We’ve existed throughout every culture in history, yet we never talk about it." @emilord #TEDWomen
"Biological sex is not black or white; it’s on a spectrum. Besides your genitalia, you also have your chromosomes, gonads, internal sex organs, hormone production, hormone response, and secondary sex characteristics like breast development, body hair, etc." @emilord #TEDWomen
"Lack of representation means that no one is fighting for you. When women show up, they bring the realities and hopes of half the population with them." @ShadBegum #TEDWomen
"When women show up, they bring their realities and views with them. And yet I have found that, all too often, women underestimate their own strength, their own potential, and their self-respect." @ShadBegum on the need for more women in politics #TEDWomen
"My desire is for them to understand that being a man isn’t defined by some machismo caricature and that characteristics usually defined as weaknesses are parts of the whole, healthy man." Eldra Jackson on what he wants to teach his sons. #TEDWomen
Our Q&amp;A with @KHayhoe is happening now! Ask her anything about the newest US National Climate Assessment:  #TEDWomen 
For her Color(ed) Theory project, artist Amanda Williams painted empty houses in Chicago that were slated for demolition. She used a culturally coded, monochromatic color palette based on hues found in consumer products common in her neighborhood. #TEDWomen 
"What does it mean to be a woman? Maybe becoming a woman means accepting ourselves for who we really are and acknowledging the same in each other." @karissascience #TEDWomen
"Black girls experience a specific type of age compression where they’re seen as more adult-like than their white peers," says @MoniqueWMorris. This disparity begins when girls are as young as age 5, and peaks between the ages of 10 and 14. #TEDWomen
Will artificial intelligence soon help us make life's big decisions? Nivruti Rai thinks AI will become our personal co-pilot, helping us choose where to live, which college to attend, and even who to love. #TEDWomen
@Maryann_N1793 @mslucycooke Don't we all!
"Sloths can do almost anything in this inverted position; they sleep, eat, and even give birth. Their throat and blood vessels are uniquely adapted to pump blood and to swallow food against the force of gravity." @mslucycooke #TEDWomen 
The sloth is a digestive athlete with a four-chambered stomach, says @mslucycooke. They have the slowest digestion rate of any mammal: it can take up to one month to process a single leaf. #TEDWomen 
“This is bigger than a moment. We are in a movement.” — @TaranaBurke on #MeToo  #TEDWomen 
Learn more about the connection between educating girls and fighting climate change here: 
@rayanastanek We've got your back.
"The United States has to come to grips with its failure to invest in its children. It's the Achilles' heel of this nation. How can you be one of the biggest economies in this world and let 13.2 million children live in poverty?" Marian Wright Edelman of @ChildDefender #TEDWomen
"We must stop investing in war and start investing in the young and in peace. I don't want my grandchildren to have to fight these battles all over again. The older I get, the more radical I get." Marian Wright Edelman of @ChildDefender #TEDWomen
"It is a magnificent thing to be alive in a moment that matters so much. This Earth, our home, is calling for us to be bold, reminding us that we are all in this together." @DrKWilkinson #TEDWomen
"Gender and climate are inextricably linked. Drawing down emissions depends on rising up... If we gain ground on gender equity, we also gain ground on global warming." @DrKWilkinson #TEDWomen
"Where do you feel useful to this world? The answer to that question is where you will find your voice and your freedom." @ashweethashetty #TEDWomen
"I believe all of us are born into a reality that we blindly accept until something awakens us and a new world opens up.” @ashweethashetty #TEDWomen
"A feminist is a person who stands up for reproductive rights, immigrants' rights, the environment, LGBT rights, labor unions and working people. Which also means that men can be feminists." @DoloresHuerta #TEDWomen
"Leave [your children] a legacy of justice. This is a legacy that they can not only imitate, but that they can be proud of." @DoloresHuerta #TEDWomen
"Domestic workers live in poor neighborhoods, and then they go to work in very wealthy ones. They cross generations, and borders, and boundaries. Their job is to show up and care, no matter what." @aijenpoo on what we should learn from domestic workers. #TEDWomen
The labor of domestic workers is "almost defined by its invisibility. You could go into any neighborhood and not know which homes are also workplaces." @aijenpoo #TEDWomen
@aijenpoo @TaranaBurke @DoloresHuerta Rooting for you, Ai-jen!
"Every human being has the right to walk through this life with their full humanity intact." @TaranaBurke on the goals of #MeToo #TEDWomen
"My vision for #MeToo is a world free of sexual violence. I believe we can build that world. To get there, we have to shift a culture that propagates the idea that vulnerability is synonymous with permission and bodily autonomy is not a basic human right." @TaranaBurke #TEDWomen
"Numbness is measuring the magnitude of this task ahead of you versus your own wavering fortitude. It’s not always the absence of feelings. Sometimes it's an accumulation of feelings." @TaranaBurke #MeToo #TEDWomen
It's time for #TEDWomen! 
If you've ever used Microsoft Excel, you have this guy to thank: 
Join us in the TED Science Club for an exclusive Q&amp;A with @KHayhoe, climate scientist, #TEDWomen speaker, and co-writer of that jaw-dropping Fourth US National Climate Assessment. She’ll be answering all of your questions on Thurs 11/29 at 10am PST. 
@liztheo @RevDrBarber We're so excited to see your talk!
@rwithee365 Welcome! We're so excited to have you!
Why do happy couples cheat? 
@KarissaScience @Ted What an awesome group!
We're super excited to be here in Palm Springs, California for #TEDWomen! 
What playing football does to your brain: 
What teens ask about sex when their questions are anonymous: 
Why it's important to surround yourself with people who challenge you: 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
The real reason no one can master their craft alone:    @Atul_Gawande
When technology can read minds, how will we protect our privacy?  @NitaFarahany 
Being a new mother is hard. Let's talk about it: 
In this candid new episode of #TheTEDInterview with @TEDchris, Mellody Hobson shares her vision of a more harmonious, diverse America — and the difficult truths we need to discuss to get there. 

Listen now:  
Civility is incredibly important, but we're talking about it wrong. 
"One of the things I know as a historian is that you should never underestimate human stupidity." 
The way we think about charity is dead wrong:  #GivingTuesday @danpallotta
How to disagree productively and find common ground:  @julia_dhar 
Try these fascinating experiments to see how your mind works:  
@mslucycooke Welcome to Palm Springs, Lucy! We're so excited to see your talk at #TEDWomen this week.
How my mom inspired my approach to the cello:  @blackcellist 
Your online shopping habit might cost more than you think. #CyberMonday 
Here's where your "free" online returns really end up. #CyberMonday 
The radical possibilities of man-made DNA:  @RomesbergLab 
For everyone who waits until the last minute to get things done: 
Math is the hidden secret to understanding the world:  @rantonse
Short on time? These talks are 3 minutes or less: 
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
We promise there's literally nothing to argue about here. 
You are going to persevere until you succeed! Yes you are! Go you! You can do it! We believe in you! 
Want to be a good person? Let go of the concept of "good."  
"Airplane" mode? More like "literally all the time" mode. 
Seriously, use your vacation days.

Want to master a skill? Use this approach:  @ebriceno8
Your natural sleep cycle keeps really weird hours: 
The emotional cost of trying to change the world: 
6 ways to diffuse your heated dinner arguments: 
How machines are developing intuition -- and building things that would never occur to humans: 
Being bad at something is a necessary part of the process of becoming good (and then great) at it. 
Why Bill Gates gives away 95% of his wealth: 
5 excuses we make when we don't want to work out — and how to get over them: 
One key characteristic could predict success: 

What civility in politics really means -- and why it matters: 
How to be a functioning adult human person: 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
How to disagree productively — without losing your temper: 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
Stop stalking your ex on social media. Seriously, stop. 
20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time...have you seen them all? 
Feeling stuck? It's time to reinvent yourself. 
How diets affect your brain -- and why this healthy alternative may be more effective: 
"Every day in America, 137 black women die from heart disease. That's every 11 minutes." @GirlTrek #BlackFamily5K 
Order up a double shot of brain fuel: 
“There’s very good evidence that shows when you confront people with a ton of facts that contradict their worldview, it actually causes them to hold their existing beliefs more strongly.”  
4 lessons from the longest-running study on happiness great: 
"The Green Book saved lives. It was indeed a black traveler's safe space." @evierobbie 
7 TED Talks to watch when you don't want to do anything: 
This list of books assigned to students everywhere will expand your horizons — and your bookshelves: 
"Depression doesn't diminish a person's desire to connect with other people, just their ability." @ITSystemsMan 
Is it better to take one long vacation or a few short ones? Let's check the research: 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
A scientist explores the mysteries of the gut-brain connection:  
"Only dead people never get stressed, never get broken hearts, never experience the disappointment that comes with failure. Tough emotions are part of our contract with life." @SusanDavid_PhD 
For everyone spending the holidays in quieter style. 
"Solitude matters -- for some people it is the air that they breathe." 
"The work required to modernize the US election system isn’t something that can be done in a hackathon. We need sustained, long-term investment. If we don’t make these investments, the US risks finding itself perpetually behind." 
This is how habits form — and how to break them: 
Are you terrible at small talk? This radio host has some advice: 
"I believe in something straightforward: Everyone should have the information that they need to become a voter; the voting process should be seamless, secure and inclusive; and every voter should have information that they trust to make decisions." 
This TED Talk might help you think of some really obscure things you're grateful for this year: 
How my mom inspired my approach to the cello:  @blackcellist 
Do you ever order clothes online in different sizes and colors just to try them on and then send back what doesn't work? Yeah, maybe stop doing that. 
So here's a fun question: How does the mammalian erection work? 
Teenagers aren't bonsai trees to be clipped and pruned to perfection.  
Great advice for avoiding conflict if politics comes up at the dinner table. @julia_dhar 
@Cjthegamer27 Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and some gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We're releasing the auto-claims ASAP.
@skinnyghost @JesseCox @YouTube Hi Adam, we're so sorry. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and some gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We're releasing the auto-claims ASAP.
@darkmyregaming @Quantic_Dream @YouTube We agree, and we apologize. We're releasing all of the auto-claims ASAP.
@KBC00PER Thank you! We're trying to make it right, this was totally our mistake. Thank you for your kindness.
@ShadeSlayer64 @David__Cage We definitely made a mistake here. We've fixed the issue and are releasing our auto-claims ASAP. It may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@Yandreaya @StevenChungT10 Hah, we try! We made a mistake and we need to own up to it. Thank you for being so kind to us.
@darkmyregaming @Quantic_Dream @YouTube Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@Psychisa_ @David__Cage We definitely made a mistake. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@EastyBug Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We made a mistake: some gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@Tom_Videogre @David__Cage Hey Tom, we messed up and we apologize. Some gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim on YouTube, and we're working to fix the issue ASAP.
@TahukanTV @TeamYouTube @KEEMSTAR Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@Yandreaya Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
How video games turn players into storytellers:  @david__cage 
How a fleet of wind-powered drones is changing our understanding of the ocean:  
@Retro_Q_Gaming Hi there, we're so sorry about this! We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We're releasing the auto-claims ASAP.
@TheBonnieKiwi @tvbplays @ProJared @JesseCox @YouTube Glad to hear this has been resolved for you!
@JayTechTV Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@Chaotic_CGG @TeamYouTube @YouTube @YTCreators @YouTubeGaming Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@Undercovrtoastr @Jeff_like_Feff @ProJared @JesseCox @YouTube We're definitely working on it! We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We're releasing the auto-claims ASAP. So sorry for the inconvenience.
@whitneyarner Hi there, we're so sorry! We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@juiceDiem @YouTube Hi there, we're so sorry about this mistake! We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@JayRPGee Hi Jay, we're so sorry about this. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@NukaEle We're so glad this got resolved quickly! Our apologies for the inconvenience!
@MenDrinkCoffee Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@wgrates Hi William, we're so sorry! We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk soon and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@Falconero1987 @TeamYouTube @Detroit_PS4 Hi there, we apologize for this. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@dudelongcouch Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@SunBunz1up @TeamYouTube Hi there, we're so sorry for this mistake. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@NocturnosGaming Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@Materwelonz Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@MineCartMayhem @Quantic_Dream @YouTube @TeamYouTube Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@Falconero1987 @bulldog_nerd_ Hi there! We're so sorry for this mistake. We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@AustinAwesome7 @TeamYouTube Hi Austin, we're so sorry! We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@Sparky617 @TeamYouTube Hello, we apologize for this mixup! We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@CmGrump @JohnnyZaccari @YouTube @Quantic_Dream It's the least we can do! 👍
@johnfreakinpage Of course! We know how disruptive and frustrating these takedowns can be for creators and we want to get it cleared up ASAP.
@NowOnAFM @TobyTurner @notaxation Hi there, we're working on getting this fixed! We're posting David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We're releasing our claims but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@notAileene @JesseCox @YouTube Thanks Aileene, you too!
@TobyTurner Hi Toby, we're so sorry about this. We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@xGarbett @TeamYouTube @YTCreators Hi there, we apologize for this mistake. We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@Diachanyus2 Hi there, we apologize for this mixup! We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@JayCartere @NocturnosGaming @TeamYouTube @YouTube Hi Jay, we are so sorry about this. We're posting David Cage's TED Talk soon and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@AllFairlifeMilk Hi Tim, we apologize for this mistake! We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@DJ_Rausch @JesseCox @YouTube Hi Cody. We made a mistake, simple as that. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We're working to get this fixed now.
@QueenLaKeeva @GeekRemix We're definitely taking this seriously, and we made a mistake here. We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We're working to fix this ASAP.
@TheBonnieKiwi @tvbplays @ProJared @JesseCox @YouTube Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@notAileene @JesseCox @YouTube Hi Aileene, we apologize for this mixup! We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@schauerland @SebastianSB @Gho5t_Bird @YTCreators @TeamYouTube Hi there, we apologize for this mixup! We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@RebelGirl1323 Hi Erika, we're so sorry for this mistake. We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We're working on getting this fully resolved now.
@TheRealDuffy1 Hey there, we made a mistake. We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@kaftannLive Hi Konrad, we're so sorry for this mistake. We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@Pharaoh_tv @TeamYouTube @Quantic_Dream Hi there! We're so sorry about this — we're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and some gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We're fixing this ASAP.
@JessTheNoob @Quantic_Dream @TeamYouTube Hi Jess, we apologize for this mistake. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We're removing all of the claims ASAP.
@GeekRemix Hi there, we're so sorry about this. We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up. We're releasing the auto-claims ASAP on our end.
@AMHarbinger @TwoStarPlayers @YouTube @JimSterling @Detroit_PS4 @IGN Hi there, we're so sorry for this mistake. We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We're canceling the auto-claims ASAP.
@escope_khan @Quantic_Dream We apologize for this mixup! We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@FWOB_ We are so sorry about this! We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue and are canceling the auto-claims ASAP.
@JohnnyZaccari @YouTube @Quantic_Dream Hi Johnny, we are so sorry for this mistake. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk today and some gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright. We've fixed the issue and are canceling the auto-claims ASAP.
@YuBPlays Hey there, we are so sorry for this mistake. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk today and some gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright. We're working to resolve this ASAP.
@heychrissa @CaffCast We're so sorry about this, Chrissa. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk today and it looks like some gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We're working to resolve this ASAP.
@CaffCast Yikes, we are so sorry about this! We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue and are canceling the auto-claims ASAP.
@WhiskeyInTheJJ @TeamYouTube Hi there, we apologize for this mistake! We're uploading David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue and are releasing the auto-claims ASAP.
@Azralynn Of course, and thank you for tweeting at us so that we could catch the mistake quickly!
@JesseCox @YouTube Of course! We messed up, and we know how disruptive these claims can be for creators.
@SebastianSB Hi Keith, we apologize for this mixup! We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk and gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it may take some time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@TwoStarPlayers @YouTube We messed up. David Cage's TED Talk was just released and accidentally included some gameplay segments in our copyright. We've fixed the issue but it may take a little time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@notaxation Hi Colin, we apologize this mistake. We're publishing David Cage's TED Talk today and some gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've just fixed the issue and are releasing the auto-claims ASAP.
@lollujo Hi Kevin, we're so sorry for this mistake. We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk today and it looks like some gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've just fixed the issue.
@Azralynn Hi there, we apologize for this mistake. We released David Cage's TED Talk and some gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've fixed the issue but it make take a little time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
@JesseCox @YouTube Hi Jesse, we're so sorry for this mistake! We're releasing David Cage's TED Talk today and it looks like some gameplay segments were accidentally included in our copyright claim. We've just fixed the issue but it make take a little time for YouTube's cache to catch up.
A powerful poem about what it feels like to be transgender:  #TransDayOfRemembrance
"I am here, exposed, so one day there won't be a need for #TransDayOfRemembrance." @GeenaRocero on why she came out: 
Every night, 450,000 people in the U.S. stay in jail without having been convicted of a crime simply because they can't afford bail.

On #TheTEDInterview, @TEDChris and @bailproject's Robin Steinberg tackle how to fight this huge injustice. 

Listen now:  
Not sure how to make conversation with your relatives? Here's what to ask your family at Thanksgiving:  #TheGreatListen
How to make a good first impression: 
These talks are a needed reminder of how beautiful life is: 
Here's how to make a good first impression: 
How Iceland's governmental baby name approval committee works: 
5 thoughtful questions to ask your family at Thanksgiving:  #TheGreatListen
Let's debunk "locker room talk." Here's how: 

Why @justinbaldoni is done trying to be "man enough":  #ManEnough #InternationalMensDay 
These fish are.... we don't even know what's happening here. 
"The countries with the biggest disparities in wealth are precisely those with the longest workweeks."  
Small tweaks like changing up the seating arrangement can have a profound impact on your workspace. 
"Men find it really difficult to open up conversations. You need to find a comfortable place to open up, whether it's at the pub, it's going for a walk, it's after footy. Find that really comfortable place to have the conversation." #InternationalMensDay 
How men can start conversations about suicide and mental health: 
.@justinbaldoni has a challenge for men: Are we strong enough to be sensitive?

Watch Justin's full TED Talk about being #ManEnough:  #InternationalMensDay 
6 TED Talks to watch on #InternationalMensDay:  
7 TED Talks to transport you to Antarctica: 
Calls for civility are actually a way to silence dissent. 
This comic became Marvel's best-selling digital comic of all time. Here's how:  @GWillowWilson
The stereotypes you might miss when you read sports news: 
"More and more of our youth realizing their own power, standing up and fighting for their futures." 
How Ms. Marvel became the Spiderman of a new generation: 
How the story of an unlikely hero cut through our cynical view of the future and became a best-seller. 
"I would encourage folks to be brave, to be bold and to recognize that we’re in very urgent, desperate times." 
8 TED Talks on how to live longer: 
It's "crush your cousins at Monopoly" season. 
How to stand up tall, no matter what has you down: 
This is how to find the career that's right for you: 
“What I want you to know is that your 20s are very turbulent and that it does get better. I never want you to get carried away with how hard it seems." 
Learn how to find the joy hiding all around you:  
This is how you can help your kid navigate technology: 
These books will help you figure out how to motivate yourself: 
"The language of money is one that the fossil-fuel industry definitely listens to." 
"Standing in solidarity is something we should all aspire to do and we can do if we work together." 
This is how you get great ideas to come to you, according to @OKGo: 
9 rules to help you get the most out of meetings: 
10 TED Talks to watch when you have a lot of feelings: 

This three-person committee approves and rejects all the new baby names in Iceland, but their days appear to be numbered. 
Get a behind-the-scenes look at how @AlexaMeadeArt submerged @ArianaGrande in a pool of paint:   
If the gloomy winter days are getting you down, these TED Talks can be a reminder of the beauty in life. 
"By the end, I wanted to spend more than half of my average day experiencing gratitude and mild happiness. Or at least not outright irritation." 
This week on #TheTEDInterview with @TEDchris, @sapinker argues that our pessimism about today's world is profoundly wrong. Do you agree? 

Listen now for free wherever you get your podcasts:  
Some libraries are getting rid of late fees and the impact is amazing. 
This week on the @TEDRadioHour, why joy is crucial to a fulfilling life:  
This long-forgotten virus could help us solve the antibiotics crisis:
 @AlexBelcredi 
A librarian's case against overdue book fines:  
@franklinleonard 
"It's often said that your private life is your private life. But imagine you are put in a situation where going anywhere and doing normal, human activities with your significant other could have substantial consequences on your reputation and career." 
Dinosaurs might be extinct, but they're still relevant. 
Do you know the difference between facts, data and evidence?

@MontereyAq Little buddy is looking a little cold!
"This formula has the power to tell you exactly how many people to reject to give you the best possible chance of finding your perfect partner."  
You're getting sleepy!! And science is getting curious about hypnosis. 
“Civility is closely related to the virtue of courage. So 'mere civility' is having the courage to make yourself disagreeable, and to stay that way, but to do so while staying in the room and staying present to your opponents.” @tmbejan 
"In my default mode, I’m mildly to severely aggravated more than 50 percent of my waking hours. That’s a ridiculous way to go through life."  
If you already gave up straws, here are some more plastic items you can stop using.  
11 TED Talks to lift you out of a bad mood: 
How calls for civility actually silence dissent: 
Civility allows us to disagree without destroying our ability to coexist. 
The conversation we need to have about masculinity in the locker room 

This is how real facts can mislead us -- and three tips for actually finding the truth: 
Being bilingual is actually healthy, not just convenient. Here's how it can help you ward off dementia — and make you a better multitasker. 

Watch @JohnHMcWhorter's full TED Talk here:  
Is civility a sham?  @tmbejan 
Our fight for disability rights — and why we're not done yet:   @judithheumann 
"Football teaches so many great life lessons to those who play or coach. Perseverance, toughness, respect, self-esteem. But the one negative thing that it does teach is that being gay is not okay." 
He was a neo-Nazi recruiter. Now @cpicciolini helps people leave extremist groups. 
"Hatred is born of ignorance. Fear is its father, and isolation is its mother." @cpicciolini 
Watch the late Stan Lee's TED Talk about how to create your own superheroes: 
How math can help uncover cancer's secrets:  @IrinaKareva2 
3 ways religion can be a force for social change in Africa:  @ndidiNwuneli
Capitalism isn't an ideology. It's an economic system that needs to adapt to change. @bhu_srinivasan 
What you can learn from one man's quest to thank everyone responsible for his morning coffee: 
How voting rights have changed since the first election in 1789:  via @TED_ED
The work of over 1000 people goes into making your morning coffee. This is how A.J. Jacobs thanked them all:  @ajjacobs
My journey to thank all the people responsible for my morning coffee:  @ajjacobs 
Happy #BookBirthday to @ajjacobs's "Thanks a Thousand," available today!

When A.J. decided to thank every single person who had a role in producing his morning cup of coffee, he began a long journey — and learned a lot about gratitude.

Get your copy now:  
This week on #TheTEDInterview with @TEDchris, @sapinker believes the world has never been better. Do you agree? 

Listen now for free wherever you get your podcasts:  
Here's how @AlexHonnold became the first climber to scale Yosemite’s El Capitan without a rope. #FreeSolo

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Can we teach AI to understand nostalgia and intuition? @rarar 
So you think you're funny? These are the rules that make comedy great:  via @TED_ED
Libraries are powerful, transformative places. Here's how one designer helped them look the part. 
This is a rare case where fighting fire with fire might actually work 
These are the Sustainable Development Goals we've made progress on — and the ones we haven't:  @shepleygreen 
How an algorithm can make sure every vote counts: 

The conversations actually happening in locker rooms about women and masculinity: 
Our obsession with forest fire prevention caused a new era of megafires. Here's what we need to do:  @PaulHessburg
This is how to keep meetings focused and productive: 
What to trust in a "post-truth" world:  @aedmans 
How we’re using quantum computing to make encryption better: 
How an algorithm can make sure every vote counts: 

“'Why' questions trap us in our past; 'what' questions help us create a better future."  
These TED Talks are perfect for kiddos excited about science and technology: 
Turns out kids will design a pretty great park if you let them! See what they've built in Boulder, Colorado:  
"Just as we have marriage ceremonies to mark the beginning of a union, we also need rituals to mark the end." 
Gerrymandering lets politicians choose their voters, but new technology can restore the balance of power. 
What makes someone an alpha male? It turns out we're way off base. 
"Humanism is a way of thinking and living that emphasizes the agency of human beings. Humanism stresses the fact that we, human beings, are capable of changing the world." @LeoIgwe 
4 practical ways you can make your workplace more inclusive: 
We need a health care system, not a sick care system. 
Even a simple tweak like changing up the seating in a meeting can create more collaboration. 
"Engaging in the full range of experience — living and dying, love and loss — is what we get to do. Being human doesn't happen despite suffering. It happens within it." 
Introspection is great, but you have to do it the right way. 
Why this city lets kids redesign its public parks:  
Test yourself: How wise are you? 
Why you should be a humble narcissist: 
You might be surprised. Take this quiz to learn more about your true self. #WorkLife 
There's one tiny plastic that ocean experts want to ban even more than straws. 
"Someone who is big and strong and intimidates and insults everyone is not necessarily an alpha male." 
Does your doctor prioritize your health or their payment? 
Whether you're heartbroken or stressed out, these TED Talks will help you process your emotions. 
QUIZ: Are you an extrovert, introvert or ambivert?  #WorkLife 
Here's the deal with that "alien spaceship" everyone has been tweeting about: 

Take a trip to Antarctica from the comfort of your warm bed with these TED Talks. 
Get ready for "pint-sized people movers." 
One of these could be your next hobby! Might we suggest making your favorite foods out of yarn? 
Joy is all around us. These TED Talks will help you see it. 
The case for a decentralized internet:   @hellozeronet 
This is how your kid's access to technology will shape their personality:  
"Our online data is more than just a collection of 1s and 0s. It's our lives, our hopes and aspirations." 
How do magic tricks work? By exploiting the gaps in our awareness. @davidkwong 
Useful lessons — and hilarious home videos — every parent will appreciate:  @BeleafMel
Movies like "Juno," "Little Miss Sunshine" and "Slumdog Millionaire" almost didn't get made — until The Black List. 

This is how one list changed where Hollywood looks for talent: 
How to build a fair workplace:  @snam
Imagine if your phone wasn't a massive time suck. @tristanharris 
"Being disruptive can yield a unicorn — a Silicon Valley company with a billion-dollar valuation. But in blue and pink collar jobs, being disruptive just gets you one thing, and that's fired." 
The honest reasons why people write mean comments online:  @dylanmarron 
These 6 pioneering women helped create modern computers: 
"Humble narcissists have grand ambitions, but they don’t feel entitled to them. They don’t deny their weaknesses; they work to overcome them." 
"Empathy is not endorsement. Empathizing with someone you profoundly disagree with does not compromise your own deeply held beliefs and endorse theirs. It just means acknowledging the humanity of someone who was raised to think differently." @dylanmarron 
How to let go of being a "good" person — and become a better person:  
7 must-read books on work and productivity: 
It's not impossible to be proud citizens of both our countries and the world.  @waniskabbaj
How kids can help design cities:  @mara_mintzer 
These pups deemed too rowdy for traditional careers in security and sheepherding have found a new passion in wildlife conservation! We are very proud of them.  
Meet the artist who submerged Ariana Grande in a pool of paint during her "God Is a Woman" music video:  @ArianaGrande @AlexaMeadeArt 
This photographer built the world's slowest, lightest aircraft with a backpack motor. Watch him run and take off: 
How I accidentally changed the way movies get made:  @franklinleonard 
This very good doggo named Tule flunked out of a job with US Customs and Border Patrol. Now she helps researchers study black-footed ferrets in in Wyoming.

Learn more about the hardworking pups of Working Dogs for Conservation:  
"What is the point of locking a house with a key if anyone can enter it through a connected device?" 
You can actually fight prejudice through conversation. But you need to know how. 

For years, Danish politician is Özlem Cekic was flooded with hate mail and online abuse. Here's what happened when she invited the people who harassed her to coffee: 
We're sorry, but Netflix does not count as a hobby. 
Some social scientists say replacing voting with a jury system could be the best way to improve democracy. Here's why: 
Why does DC still not have representation in the U.S. Congress? 
What if we made democracy into a jury system? 
These posters will get you excited to go vote:  
@CynicalKiddo Hi Katie! We have a few smart TV apps. You can find more information on where to watch TED here: 
Send this to your friend who doesn't think voting is cool.  #ElectionDay #VoteToday
We all feel a little lost sometimes. These TED Talks can help you find your purpose. 
What is Islam's role in the world today? In this week's episode of #TheTEDInterview with @TEDChris, @DMogahed shares what she believes are the most common misconceptions of the world’s second-biggest religion. 

Listen now:  
Why I have coffee with people who send me hate mail:  @cekicozlem 
The value of scientific research done out of sheer curiosity: 
How seemingly pointless scientific research can change the world  
A memory scientist's advice on reporting harassment and discrimination:  @drjuliashaw 
Want to achieve your goals? Pick up these 4 habits: 
"If you're not willing to lose your seat in Congress, there's really very little reason to be there." — Former Republican Congressman @BobInglis 
Don't worry, getting older isn't as scary as it seems. 
This TED Talk will help you navigate a conversation with someone who doesn't agree with your politics. 
Finding the right career is hard. This playlist can help you find your way. 
If you want to be a good person, start by allowing yourself to make mistakes. 
Here's why you should ask someone "What is 25 times 25?" during a job interview: 
This is what the Founding Fathers really meant by the "pursuit of happiness" — and how we've gotten it wrong: 
The case for curiosity-driven research:  @suziesheehy 
We know you're not going to give up your phone entirely. Here's how you can realistically cut down on screen time. 
If you're not sure what you're supposed to be doing, these TED Talks will give you some guidance. 
A surprising way to look at your job search: 
Why screens make you less happy -- and what to do about it:  
You probably don't have to worry about your memory as much as you do. 
This is how you preserve a memory, especially one of a traumatic event, as hard evidence of a crime. 
Your brain hallucinates your conscious reality. 
Some simple (and honestly scary) ways we can potentially prolong the human life. 
Wanting to be a "good person" is making us bad people. Here's how:  
We all doubt ourselves sometimes. Here’s a reminder that you’re enough. 
Having uncomfortable, honest conversations can actually change people's minds. This is how to do it: 
This is why adults love coloring books: 
This 10-day challenge will help you change your outlook on life. 
This is your daily dose of educational baby panda content. 
5 TED Talks to help you connect with other people: 
This is a school where baby pandas learn how to take on life. 
For the days when you have too much going on, here's your five minutes of peace. 
This is what happens when a black man crashes a white supremacist retreat:  @RichBenjaminUSA
8 TED Talks that will leave you awestruck: 
What happens when a black man visits the whitest towns in the US? @RichBenjaminUSA shares his funny, raw stories: 
20 short TED Talks for a curious mind: 
"For too long have women and women of color been told to suppress their rage and grief in the name of love and forgiveness." 
This part of the brain can help us understand why opioids are so addictive: 
This part of the brain could give us a clue of how to fight opioid addiction: 
Want to live longer? Invest in your social life. 
True, people who work from home may not be wearing pants. But they are more productive, report higher job satisfaction, and save their companies money on office space. 
This artist carves new life into out of date textbooks, dictionaries and encyclopedias: 
This is not traditional business advice. 
"When our troubles overwhelm us, it will be our humble doubt that shines a little light into the darkness of our world and lets us raise our voice to say simply, 'There must be another way.'"  
Learn how to overcome your fears from speakers who have faced their own with strength and grace. 
10 incredible buildings that show us the future of architecture: 
Spooky news! Spider venom could save your life one day. 
Wanting to be a "good person" is making us bad people. Here's how: 
Great news for introverts and your coworker who constantly complains about their commute. 
Not sure what to think about your teenager’s political awakening? This TED Talk might help. 
11 TED Talks to watch instead of answering that annoying email from accounting that's been waiting in your inbox for four days: 
The science behind some of the most amazing things on Earth: 
This talk might leave you questioning the nature of your very existence. 
9 TED Talks that will keep you up at night: 
These buildings are utterly unique — and unforgettable: 
Don't say we didn't warn you. Enjoy some of our scariest TED Talks, just in time for #Halloween. 
An illuminating, and chilling, exploration of what makes a psychopath.  
History tells us that when a rising power threatens to displace a ruling power, the outcome is usually war. Here's how the U.S. and China can avoid a clash no one wants: 
"We need to think of HIV not as a single virus that we think we've figured out, but as a collection of rapidly evolving and highly unique viruses, each of which can set off the next deadly epidemic." 
Learn how your mind works — and how you can improve your decision-making.  
Coloring books aren't just for children. Here's how they can be psychologically beneficial to adults: 
This designer is making fashion history by creating stylish, confidence-boosting clothing adapted for those who are differently-abled.  
"We love ourselves when we breathe through the fire of pain and refuse to let it harden into hate." 
"Our bridges are designed for a long time, for 100 years plus. Nobody is going to remember the cost. But if it's ugly or just dull, it will always be ugly or dull." 
It’s a Tuesday afternoon. Take six minutes and watch this really sweet TED Talk about love and getting stabbed by a sea urchin.  
"You might know it as 'cyberbullying.' The media calls it "'revenge porn.' I now call it 'digital domestic violence.'" @DariethChisolm 
What everyday citizens can do to claim power on the internet:  @Fchehade 
These mind-controlling parasites override the brains of their hosts — and might even manipulate humans.

Watch @edyong209's full TED Talk here:  
@Da_BIG_Ads We're glad someone appreciates our talent and hard work!!
Can reason answer moral questions? On this episode of #TheTEDInterview, @SamHarrisOrg and @TEDChris dig into how to think about defining right from wrong.

Listen on @Stitcher now, or wherever you get your podcasts:  
Our gift to you: five minutes of peace. 
Take a deep dive into what your genes say about you. 
Your phone doesn't need to be a source of stress. Here's how one man uses technology to practice introspection and self-compassion. 
3 TED Talks to watch if you need a pay raise: 
"Computers don’t just allow us to be surveilled; they also allow us to be controlled." 
"You may be thinking, 'I have never questioned who I am. I know I’m a man, or I know I’m a woman.' I get it. You know who you are. This is how transgender individuals feel. They know who they are with that same conviction." 
We wrote this tweet from home and look how good it is! 
Take a moment to consider which apps know where your smartphone is, and therefore which companies know where you are. 
It's the classic story: Fall in love, get married, have kids, preserve the consciousness of you and your wife in digital files so that you can live together forever. 

How isolation fuels opioid addiction:  @seek_healing 
Need some intellectual stimulation? These short TED Talks are perfect. 
Please don't try to reenact this TED Talk at home. 
Apologies in advance for any existential dread this talk may cause. 
"As long as companies buy, sell, trade and store our personal data, it’s at risk of being stolen. And as long as they use our data, we risk it being used against us."  
This is @UNICEF's ambitious plan to give young people the future they deserve: 
The best place to be productive is rarely the office. Here's how one company is trying to change that: 
When her ex-boyfriend took explicit photos of her without her consent and posted them online, @DariethChisolm found little protection from the law. 

Here's how she finally won justice: 
How will we survive when the population hits 10 billion?  @CharlesCMann 
DJ collective @atribecalledred tells stories of the First Nations in beats and images:  
Someday soon, you may be able to take a 3D-printed pill every day, personalized to what your body needs. Here's how it works: 
9 TED Talks that will inspire you to be brave: 
Why I’m teaching prisoners to code: 
This school teaches baby pandas to be wild.  
@SBarks2 Thanks, Sarah!
Don't worry, everyone else is also horrified when they hear their own voice in a recording.  
"How would you feel if your naked body was exposed for the world to see, and you waited helplessly for the content to be removed?" @DariethChisolm 
This extreme action choreographer is obsessed with learning to fly. Watch how @dark1run has pushed the limits of the human body: 
My quest to defy gravity and fly:  @dark1run 
@SNEMeeuwissen We're so sorry for your loss, Stephanie 💙
@unshurtugal You're welcome, Mallory!
@MillersonJustin Sounds like you might appreciate this TED Talk, Justin! 
Find it difficult to get work done at work? Here's how one company reduces irritating distractions at the office. 
A lot of things in the world are bad. Here are some things that are actually pretty amazing:  
Do you know someone struggling with grief and loss? This conversation can help you understand what they're going through:  #TheTEDInterview
“The mission of this program is not just about learning how to make and launch a satellite. It’s just as important to be a role model for girls afraid to explore and discover their talents.” @TEDFellow 
"I am one of the very few individuals in the US who are living with paralysis by polio today. So this is my new Ironman: to end polio." @mindadentler  #WorldPolioDay #EndPolioNow 
How revenge porn turns innocent lives upside down:  @DariethChisolm 
This list of classic reads assigned to students everywhere will expand your horizons — and your bookshelves. 
What doctors get wrong about gender identity: 
If you feel like a ball of stress, these TED Talks will help. 
@dbiello @netflix 😂
How we can help young people build a better future:  @unicefchief 
"Attractive people receive all kinds of advantages in life. They're regarded as more intelligent, more trustworthy, they're given higher pay and lesser punishments, even when such judgments are not warranted." 
"Anyone who’s been through grief can understand why there is a belief in the afterlife." @TEDChris #TheTEDInterview 
Shepard Fairey’s poster of Sexual Bill of Rights activist Amanda Nguyen spells hope for sexual assault survivors everywhere.  @TEDFellow
"Having Kyrgyzstan’s first space program be launched by young women — it destroys all the norms beautifully." @TEDFellow 
5 TED Talks to get you through the week: 
@gremlyn08 You tell 'em, bud.
@JasonSchmerer Glad you enjoyed it, Jason!
Kid has good taste! 

You both might enjoy these talks:  
Here's how your mind identifies a "beautiful" face: 
Your gender identity shapes the quality of medical care you receive. Here's how: 
@ColdDimSum The people have spoken.
Be honest. Are there too many meetings at your job?

This software company prioritizes its employees’ time and attention. Here's how they cut down on time-wasting meetings: 
Come get your lab meat!! 
9 TED Talks to help you face your fears: 
The emotional and financial cost of working with jerks: 
6 must-read books to help you answer big questions about yourself: 
It's not just you. Your rude coworker is actually ruining the company. 
"Grief has its own time frame. It has its own itinerary with you. It has its own power over you, and it will come when it comes." @GilbertLiz #TheTEDInterview 
"Grief comes in the middle of the night. It comes in the middle of the day. It comes in the middle of a meeting. It comes in the middle of a meal. It arrives. It’s this tremendously forceful arrival, and it cannot be resisted." @GilbertLiz #TheTEDInterview 
How conscious investors can turn up the heat and make companies change:  
Shepard Fairey's new poster of Sexual Bill of Rights activist Amanda Nguyen spells hope for sexual assault survivors everywhere:  
This artist's eye-opening work forces us to look at how bigotry has been sewn into the fabric of the United States. 
This is why we have a peculiar emotional connection to robots: 
7 TED Talks to watch when the internet is the worst: 
3 ways to change up your job-hunting approach: 
Which career should you pursue? Should you break up -- or get married?! Where should you live?

Big decisions like these can be agonizingly difficult. But that's because we think about them the wrong way. 
"The next time you start to worry about forgetting a capital or a famous actor’s name and wonder what this means about your brain, try not to sweat it."  
Starting awkward conversations with your kids is hard. These talks will help gently lead you into those tough conversations. 
This is the link between educating girls and preventing climate change: 
How to talk to someone who doesn’t believe in climate change: 
5 ways to spark a meaningful conversation with someone you’ve never met:  
If Alexa understands you like no one else, this TED Talk is for you. 
"None of our graduates have gone back to jail." 
3 quick brainteasers to test your psychology knowledge: 
"You don’t just 'find' your calling — you have to fight for it." 
3D-printed, personalized pills are the future of medicine: 
Why our bodies become aroused when our minds aren't: 

Do we have any chance of achieving the Sustainable Development Goals by 2030? 
Chickens were once a revered bird. Here's what went wrong. 
"We have over a dozen methods of contraception for women: pills, patches, IUDs, shots, sponges, rings, etc. For men, we've had the same two options for more than a hundred years: condoms and vasectomy." 
Your mind takes note of everything that happens and stores it for retrieval later, right? Well actually, no. 
Here's a heartwarming way that @LEGO_Group can help build a more tolerant world. 
Should we be genetically modifying our children? Would you? 
Ever feel like the internet is a raging trash fire? These TED Talks will restore your faith in the world. 
Got just enough time for a coffee, but in need of a mental pick-me-up? These short, riveting talks may just do the trick. 
What does the universe sound like? A musical tour:  @astromattrusso 
This is why you care about your household robots:  
Can we build a prosperous world without wrecking the planet?  
One of the many reasons why you should listen to your partner when they tell you how they feel. 
Cultivating empathy and compassion can help you connect with others.  
"When I came out of law school, I did the same thing as everybody else. I came out as a prosecutor expected to do justice, but I never learned what justice was in my classes — none of us do."  
8 ways to get better at overcoming challenges: 
How do you go on after the death of a great love? 

On this episode of #TheTEDInterview, author @GilbertLiz reflects on creativity, life and loss. Listen now:  
10 short TED Talks to watch during your coffee break: 
We're live now! Come ask TED science curator @dbiello anything you'd like about space, life, TED Talks, chemistry puns...  
The future of pharmacies? Personalized pills, 3D-printed at your home:  @daniel_kraft 
@katjapresnal We really do love a good graph.
In case you needed more evidence that meetings are bad.  
The vast majority of people who've lost a limb can still feel it — not as a memory or vague shape, but in complete lifelike detail.  So what causes these incredibly realistic phantom limb sensations? 

🧬🔬 Want to learn more about how TED thinks about science? 🧬🔬

We're doing an exclusive AMA with TED science curator @dbiello in the TED Science Club today from 2 PM to 3 PM EDT! Join here: 
This is how robots trick you into loving them: 
Bookmark this for the robot apocalypse. 
Job hunting? Highlight your skills, not your experience. 
Not every conversation about climate change has to lead to raised voices and hurt feelings. Here’s how to talk about it constructively. 
“Don’t go changing your story to fit the default — that’s the worst thing you can do.” @Nnedi #Shuri #WakandaForever 
These reimagined KKK robes have a powerful message about racism: 
Next time someone asks to have a meeting with you, just say no. 
5 transformational policies for a prosperous and sustainable world  @jrockstrom 
How to get the deep sleep your brain craves: 
If you think Roomba vacuums are really cute, you're not that weird. 
Why we’re hard-wired to treat robots like living creatures: 
5 TED speakers explore radical ways to change the legal system so it helps those who need it most:   @TEDRadioHour
Animals have social networks, and they have a profound impact on entire ecosystems:  @TEDFellow
Which of these mentors do you have supporting your career?
5 ways to have a constructive conversation about climate change: 
Watch an extremely calm man recount how he climbed a 3,000-foot wall of granite without a rope:  
@FemiAbodunde @TEDchris @GilbertLiz @SirKenRobinson We love Sir Ken, and he's one of our upcoming episodes this season!
Why we have an emotional connection to robots:  @grok_ 
When life gets hard, we're expected to just bounce back. But that's not how things work. Here's how you can cultivate resilience within: 
Across history, protest has shaped societies in tremendous ways. These 8 TED Talks explore how: 
"Medical teams exposed to rudeness perform worse not only in all their diagnostics, but in all the procedures they did." 
"The number one reason tied to executive failure is an insensitive, abrasive or bullying style." 
We're saddened to hear of the passing of Paul Allen, a scientific pioneer and longtime TED community member. He will be missed. 
"The vast majority of cannabis that's being sold today isn't really cannabis. It's THC in either a pure form or in an extremely high and unnatural concentration." 
This is the science behind why we choke under pressure:  
"It is our responsibility to translate cutting-edge science into medicine to save the lives of all the patients who are waiting." 
Let's protect the oceans like national parks:  @davidtlang 
Over 100 years ago, average citizens pulled together to preserve our natural resources and created the National Parks system in the US. 

Here’s how we can do it again to protect the oceans: 
"Suicide rates among adults ages 40 to 64 have risen nearly 40 percent since 1999. Job loss, bankruptcy and foreclosures were present in nearly 40 percent of the deaths, with white middle-aged men accounting for seven out of 10 suicides." 
@DdePaulis Thanks for catching that, Daisy!
"Imagine a world where patients who suffer from liver failure can be saved with a new liver without having to wait for a donation or another human to die." 
Our amazing lineup of speakers for #TEDWomen 2018 is now online! Take a look here:  
"Why does civility pay? Because people see you as an important -- and a powerful -- unique combination of two key characteristics: warm and competent, friendly and smart." 
How to assemble your personal dream team: 
"There is a hell of a lot of money to be made in satisfying and increasing our desire to get high." 
"There will always be some outliers that succeed despite their incivility. Sooner or later, though, most uncivil people sabotage their success." 
"Today, about 100 people will get a new organ, a chance to start their life anew, and yet by the end of today, 20 others will die waiting."

This new science could change that: 
"Incivility made people less motivated: 66 percent cut back work efforts, 80 percent lost time worrying, and 12 percent left their job." 
" It's our job as allies to listen, to learn, to unlearn and to relearn, and to make mistakes and to keep learning." 
"Using gene editing technology, it's now possible to exquisitely create a human-transplantable organ that can be safely grown in pigs." 
5 TED Talks about the power of empathy: 
"We make a mistake when we see diversity and inclusion as that side project over there the diversity people are working on, rather than this work inside all of us that we need to do together." 
Zoom into the strange wonder and potential of stars in our universe. 
This is the power of protest: 
"Change happens one person at a time, one act at a time, one word at a time." 
"Maybe it's time we actually valued wisdom as much as we do disruption." 
Memory is a fickle thing. This is how it works: 
How whistle-blowers shape history:  @kellyrpope 
These jaw-dropping science breakthroughs are changing the world. 
How doctors fail their transgender patients: 
When it comes to business, being nice pays. 
The science behind your surprising 'second brain' — your guts:  
Which career should you pursue? Should you break up -- or get married? Where should you live? 

Here's some advice to help you make those hard choices. 
Animals aren't just cute. Their behavior can help you understand yourself. 
This is how you get your voice heard — without ruffling too many feathers. 
"Staying calm and performing at your best when you know that any mistake could mean death requires a certain kind of mindset." 
"Fear is contagious. But faith is, too. Faith isn't rational or emotional. Faith is an exercise of the will. It's what allows us to transform everything that we are — our weaknesses, our frailties, into strength, into power." 
"Groups famously follow the opinions of the most dominant or charismatic person in the room, even though there's zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas -- I mean zero." 
There's a better way to make decisions besides trusting your gut: 
The set designer for Hamilton and Dear Evan Hansen shares what makes a space come to life: 
What baby boomers can learn from millennials at work — and vice versa:  
How to convince your boss to pay you what you're worth: 
Want to make better decisions? 3 tips from a poker champion: 
This is the ethical dilemma of designer babies: 
You might want to bookmark this article for Thanksgiving. 
Researchers ranked the 100 most powerful solutions to reverse climate change. Here's why educating girls was #6 on the list: 
The story of one of the most dangerous free climbs ever made: 
8 TED Talks to help you have difficult conversations with kids: 
At the heart of one of the biggest American political battles is a lot of common ground. Here's what everyone agrees on when it comes to health care: 
When life gets hard, we're expected to just bounce back. But that's not how things work. Here's how you can cultivate resilience within: 
You deserve a break. Here's a treat for your mind and your eyeballs: 
If we broke open all the newest phones in the world and split them into their component parts, it would produce around 85,000 kg of gold, 875,000 of silver, and 40,000,000 of copper. 
“Resilience is not a trait. It’s not something you’re born with. It’s not something you just have." 
The lifesaving reason you should embrace stress: 
"Go after what it is that creates meaning in your life and then trust yourself to handle the stress that follows." 
Introverts have amazing qualities. You should thank your favorite introvert by giving them some space. 
Steve Jobs urged us to pursue our dreams and see the opportunities in life's setbacks — including death itself.  
"You know who I'm envious of? People who work in a job that has to do with their college major. Journalists who studied journalism, engineers who studied engineering. The truth is, these folks are no longer the rule, but the exception." 
Afraid of spiders? Their venom just might save your life. 
Being bilingual is actually healthy, not just convenient. Here's how it can help you ward of dementia — and make you a better multitasker. 
The greatest pickpocket in the world shares his tricks: 
7 TED Talks with unexpected wisdom from animals: 
How I'm using LEGO to teach Arabic: 
Here are 8 tips to help you be heard at work... and stay employed. 
The US Constitution does not explicitly guarantee equal rights for women... and existing Constitutional amendments don’t do enough. 
8 tips to help you master the art of workplace diplomacy: 
How I climbed a 3,000-foot vertical cliff — without ropes:  @AlexHonnold 
@jawillia11 Hey Jean! We're so sorry we missed you last week. Looks like you're a birdwatcher — we think this one might be just what you need today! 
@Maxim54619878 The totally average human who runs this account was writing these replies (hi!). Thank you for your kind words! We had a blast. 

Our new TED Recommends program linked above mixes AI technology with expert human curation and personal recommendations written by the TED community.
Spiders are little eight-legged creeps, but one day they could save your life. 
If risk aversion is in our DNA, why do we gamble? 
How to make your skills shine when you're applying to jobs: 
7 TED Talks about rockets 🚀 
3 proven ways to make better decisions: 
Can you master the art of misdirection? 
This is what actually happens to your memory as you get older: 
"When they censored me when I was 24, I learned that neutrality, fear and silence often make you an accomplice in crime, abuse and injustice. And being an accomplice to power is never good journalism." 
Here are 8 tips to help you be heard... and stay employed: 
Lab meat might not sound appetizing, but it could be coming to a restaurant near you. Will you try it? 
How the legal system hurts survivors of sexual assault: 
Your brain needs deep sleep. Here's how to get more of it. 
If you wish you were an astronaut, these TED Talks are for you. 
Would you be more or less likely to cheat at Monopoly if you were playing with real money? 
Your rude coworker is costing your company money. 
Your fingerprints can now tell the police way more than you think. 
Just letting you all know that a very brave man did a TED Talk with a hairy tarantula crawling around his hand. 
Inspired by the events of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, @CamilleABrown choreographed "New Second Line," a celebration of the culture of New Orleans and the perseverance of Black people in the midst of devastation: 
Our 30 minutes turned into 2 hours, but it's time for the weekend! Thank you to everyone who replied—we're sorry if we didn't get a chance to reply to you!

Want more TED Talks selected just for you? Sign up for TED Recommends and get personalized picks:  
@steplegg Aimee Mullins is super cool. 
@CatCarlin3 Bigfoot? We're not judging you, we promise. 
@SaffinaEllahi1 Nadine's the best fit, but this talk about trauma and health is excellent too: 
@RileeWoods Hi Rilee! Here's a great talk about using your anger for good: 
@photozigner Design is rad. 
@Jessino_ Heck yeah, nanotech. 
@ettolloc Here's a great one about design and joy! 
@emilabel Hi Emil! Here's a great classic talk about motivation: 
@the_duba27 We got you, Kinley! 
@MelKirwa Chimamanda's talk about stereotyping is a classic! 
@fabbiobbruno Hey Fabio! This talk is weird and wonderful:  
@mspjh1 Here yah go! 
@BlissyogaRN Here's a fun one about art! 
@thebetterhello Good luck, Stephanie! 
@charradmore You're late but we're still going! Here's a random favorite of ours: 
@followthesun21 Your novel sounds excellent. 
@LeganPatricia This talk's a fun one! 
@Stephacademie Here are a bunch to binge when the words aren't comin' 
@FinSherlock Here's a fun one! 
@BlueMaestroUK Here yah go, Kirstin! 
@Recon7997 
@Emmanue21937133 Rejection is really scary! Jia's talk might help: 

And then Brene's talk is a classic: 
@Choco20141 You might like Luvvie! 
@GSandovalJr Hey Gilbert! You might like Alix: 
@ozzywon Feeling stuck stinks. Wishing you the best. 
@KayleighEdun Hey Kayleigh! This talk gave us a lot to think about: 
@greaves_ash Hi Ash,

Here's a great talk about mental health: 

And then a fun one when you need to relax after work: 
@ladycommish Good luck :) 
@DegCardenas Hey Diego! We hope this helps! 
@mayank_writes Us too, Mayank. We're much better at talking to new people on Twitter than in person. 
@HomeBodySF Two words: Jane Fonda. 
@Recon7997 What we're hearing from you is that there are definitely aliens. 
@ReformedJourno Hi Crystal! This talk is really gorgeous: 

And @MonicaLewinsky's talk on bullying is a classic: 
@kathy0brien Hi Kathy! This talk about helping students be critical thinkers is really fun: 
@jenalyson Hi Jen! This talk by Rosie King is really great: 
@orendawellness These talks about nature are really soothing — we can't pick one! 
@Its_Perfectionn Conversations are hard! This talk can help: 
@atuldebadutta You got this, Atul! 
@SaffinaEllahi1 We think you'll appreciate this one: 
@Teesta_D This article and the talk inside it might help! 
@MortonDoug Hey Doug! Here's a fun one: 
@SaraGriesi Sara, we feel confidence saying that you're the best. 
@sabaagha300 Thank you for the work you do. This talk about domestic violence and emotional abuse is unforgettable: 
@aadelowo Heck yeah. 
@GabiFerenczi This talk about what makes slang a "real" word is cool: 
@botegas This talk about foster-care gave us a lot to think about: 
@Dbasheer10 Here's brain science + language + cute babies: 
@iamsarahkaiser We are very here for public transportation! 
@ArmazolZerpa This talk about managing your emotions is a great one: 
@tatylashes73 Thank you for being a teacher!! 
@RosmiNow Here's a fun space talk you probably haven't seen: 
@139119G Totally! This talk about sex education is great: 
@GirlInAComa7 Graduating is super stressful. But you get to decide what success means! 
@HumberMencap This talk by Temple Grandin is a classic: 
@ClexaPraimfaya We're sorry to hear that, bud. This talk is useful if you need help explaining how you feel to your friends: 
@thegraytweeter Nothing some fun camel facts can't solve. 
@tsgamer29 We believe in you! This is a great talk about recovering from failure and hurt: 
@huperetesjohns This talk has brought us a lot of clarity in times of need. 
@Superstu92 Get back to work!! Or don't. 
@annagordonca Books are the best. 
@kevinheinz We're sharing these based on our own deep love of TED Talks, but we're building a Recommendation engine for TED fans here if you'd like to learn more! 
@radiusgetsitin Here's a great talk from our favorite veggie gardener: 
@Bella1346 This is a great one: 
@AJCanle You can even watch this talk on 2x speed if you need!!  
@MsMendoza6 Tim Urban is the best. 
@BryanThomas85 This is a great talk about building a more meaningful life: 
@showgrinsgirl This talk by Judith Heumann about the movement for greater accessibility is phenomenal: 
@monita_rb There's a big difference between being alone and being lonely! 
@stevenh44 We got you. (Julia says hi!) 
@ShahkarEhmadd This talk might give you some things to think about :) 
@LWalker3957 We love introverts!  
@tjohnston_68 I'm so sorry to hear that, Tony. Stacy Kramer thinks about that in her short talk: 

This talk about love and battling grief and fear might also bring you some comfort: 
@fvckiamreal This is pretty niche, but we got excited when you mentioned "urban studies." 
@tm9013 Nadia Lopez is both! 
@marcposchdesign Sounds like you need a break for a really weird TED Talk, Marc. 
@GyneenL Gyneen, we don't even know where to start. We hope you don't have plans this weekend. 
@Aleeza96 Andrew Solomon might be just what you need. 
@msrainmaker I doubt that's true, bud. Nothing wrong with useless things anyway! 
@bdaruna This talk by an EMT is heavy but sticks with you: 
@jblackie11 Have some tissues ready: 
@WarbleInc This an interesting talk about reporting harassment at work: 
@RogueAngelNL This talk is a really nice reminder that nature is everywhere: 
@amandapli Daria's a really cool musician! May her creativity inspire your own :) 
@Artlocked Sounds like you need a confidence boost! 
@Soraziz Good question.  
@LivinLaViviLoca Vivi, we are so ready for this. 
@thereal_mnce Ben Saunders didn't bike to the South Pole, but I think you'll like this talk anyway :) 
@benstewartfilm Here's J.J. Abrams for you! 
@Eri_ale Animals are the best. 
@HamsaGIFWali We've got your back! 
@ktFraz Dogs are amazing. 
@alinadoodnath This talk about how BuzzFeed thinks about content is fascinating: 
@RandiLeanne87 Finally, the perfect person to share this playlist with!! Randi, we've been waiting for you! 
@kbkgobisa Maybe this will help? 
@IrieSweety_808 This talk is fun (and kid-friendly!) 
@cajuntigershark Have you seen Zaria Forman's melting glaciers? 
@gboyegs4real Bryan Stevenson's talk always makes us cry. Every time. 
@allan_clarke_ This is a fun one: 
@lucyjrhawkins This talk about mindfulness is a classic: 
@clarajean95 Cesar Harada is a really fun science teacher: 
@PndWallace This is a great new talk about making offices more diverse: 
@pinkfisch This is a great TEDx talk about poetry and expressing ourselves: 
@majaromanov666 This violinist suffered from severe depression and managed to reclaim her magic and music! 
@Wiktooriaa_ Pico Iyer's TED Talks are all beautiful, but this one seems right up your alley: 
@brianmncube Oh Brian, I have a whole playlist for you! 
@Mano2633 Sounds like you might need a beautiful pep talk! 
@LaceyKingsley This one's both! 
@mypeacetree This is a really beautiful talk about hope, art and activism: 
@mattcone2 This TED Talk is pretty great. 
@richard_nagy7 Luma Mufleh is a youth soccer coach too! 
Happy Friday! For the next 30 minutes, if you tell us a little bit about yourself, we'll recommend a TED Talk to watch this weekend.
“Next time you see a spider in the corner of your room, don’t squash it. One day it may hold the key to your own survival.”  
"Every child deserves a champion, an adult who will never give up on them. Is this job tough? You betcha. But it is not impossible. We're educators. We're born to make a difference." #WorldTeachersDay 

Watch Rita Pierson's full TED Talk here:  
7 TED Talks on the complexity of memory: 
This is why we take wild financial risks: 
When you hear rain in a movie, it might actually be the sound of bacon sizzling on a pan. 
🚀 🚀  
@kaysarahsera 😉
@matt_rosenblum Here's a weird talk about computers who are very bad poets (and some that are very good)! 
Brave and beautiful poems from some of the world's most talented spoken-word performers:  #NationalPoetryDay
In this heartfelt piece, @ClintSmithIII explores the fear and love behind raising a black son in America. #NationalPoetryDay 
In her powerful spoken-word essay “Broken English,” Jamila Lyiscott unpacks the three distinct flavors of English she speaks with her friends, in the classroom and with her parents.  @BlackRelevance #NationalPoetryDay
3 ways to be a better ally in the workplace:  @mbrianaepler 
9 TED Talks to watch on #NationalPoetryDay: 
See the breathtaking poem that inspired two standing ovations at TED2011:  #NationalPoetryDay
The brain benefits of deep sleep — and how to get more of it:  @DanGartenberg
6 TED Talks to watch with your sons:  
A glimpse into a strange future where robots rule the earth, and how it could become a reality: 
If you want to be successful at work, try being nice. 
This is how your mind decides what to remember... and what to forget. 

Why being nice to your coworkers is good for business:  @PorathC 
Doctors should give patients the best possible care, regardless of their gender identity. 
@pixelastronaut Honestly, we can't stop thinking about this GIF. This is exactly how we feel.
This week on the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers explore how we can create better, less crowded cities. 
How I took control after the tabloids trampled on my privacy: 
"Your gut is your friend and so is a cost-benefit analysis."  
What doctors should know about gender identity:  @krisoverstreet 
PTSD, isolation, depression... These TED Talks tackle the wounds left behind after war: 
"Cultured" meat will be coming to your plate very soon. It will look, taste, and grill up just like normal meat, but it'll be grown in a lab, not raised in the form of a living, breathing cow. 

Learn more here: 

Would you give lab-grown meat a try? 🍔 🤤
@TheTedAllen @chancet1014 @TEDxDetroit @TedDanson 
The molecules in your fingertips hold a lot of secrets — from what medications you take to which brand of condoms you use. 
9 TED Talks that will awaken your inner science nerd: 
How we can make energy more affordable for low-income families:  
@zimmerlibsys @dbiello Hi Roy! If you're not a fan of Facebook, we also publish Science Worth Knowing, a bi-weekly newsletter with the latest discoveries, news, and more. You can subscribe here if you're interested: 
@Dscott0310 Break a leg, Dennis! You might like this playlist: 
@timoklabbers Thanks for catching this, Timo!
@YGachuz_MET Love it! @jenbrea's talk is one of our favorites!
"We have to acknowledge that we have put faith in a system that sometimes is broken, hoping that it would give us solutions for better. But we cannot walk away. Because there is a better way." 
This is what you can do to help music thrive in your city: 
If you're embarrassed to say you don't know what the blockchain is, we have your back. 
Our legal system hurts survivors of sexual assault. Here's how we can fix it. 
@Twitter Hey Twitter, are you okay? Do you need these? 
🚀 Big news, science nerds! 🚀 

We just launched The TED Science Club on Facebook, where you can chat about today's discoveries, participate in exclusive Q&amp;As and ponder the extraordinary. Join now:  

Here's TED science curator @dbiello on what to expect. 
There's a better way to make decisions besides trusting your gut: 
This is what makes real money different than Monopoly money: 
"I was a blue-eyed, chubby-cheeked five-year-old when I joined my family on the picket line for the first time, with my tiny fists clutching a sign that I couldn't read yet: 'Gays are worthy of death.'" 
Every sound you've ever heard in a movie is a lie! 
3 lessons on decision-making from a poker champion.  @Liv_Boeree 
What you have in common with people in different countries, from toothbrushes to toilets: 
Why you should make your own meaningful rituals: 
7 TED Talks to help you understand how your memory works: 
She grew up in the Westboro Baptist Church. Here's why @meganphelps left. 
Nothing is real, every sound is a lie. 
See how the rest of the world lives, organized by income. 
What would happen if we uploaded our brains to computers? 
"After Hurricane Harvey hit Houston in 2017, one retailer donated 40,000 ladies’ belts. I wonder: were there that many people suffering from beltlessness after the storm?" 
What type of creative person are you? 
Simple truths about parenting from the longest study on human development: 
"Good and bad are often incomplete stories that we tell ourselves. I learn more when I loosen my grip and proceed openly with curiosity and wonder." 
This is why you keep losing your keys. 
These photographs document the complexity of love at any age: 
How to tell if it's lust or love — and why both matter. 
Cow farts (and burps) aren’t the main cause of our planet’s methane problem. 
"The musicians memorize all the notes, and the conductor counts the beat. They then rely on listening and intuition to keep them together for the rest of the piece." @TEDFellow 
"We are expected to just 'get over' psychological wounds — when as anyone who’s ever ruminated over rejection or agonized over a failure knows only too well, emotional injuries can be just as crippling as physical ones." 
Sometimes Cupid is a sea urchin that stabs your hand. 
7 ways to take better care of your emotional health: 
Frustrated? These talks will help you process your feelings: 
How to assemble your personal dream team: 
Intimate photos of a senior love triangle:  
Hoaxes have real consequences. This is how we can be smarter about what stories we believe: 
The smart strategy that one LGBTQ website uses to keep out trolls:

"Our solar system is in a stable orbit around a supermassive black hole that resides at the center of the Milky Way, at a safe distance of 25,000 light-years. But that could change." 
An intimate glimpse into an Egyptian orchestra for blind women:  @TEDFellow 
How to build a thriving music scene in your city:  
"How can we speak up in a society that too often discredits or diminishes our experiences? How can we speak in a society that is likely to be retributive towards us? How can we deal with the silencing that goes on all around us?" 
"Immediately after something happens, I want you to contemporaneously record what happened. Do this before talking to anyone else about it."

This is the evidence survivors of sexual assault and harassment should gather, according to a memory scientist: 
What you should know about methane pollution:  #NYCClimateWeek
"He had just visited what he thought was an abandoned warehouse where the Detroit police department was storing evidence. Inside were 11,341 abandoned, untested rape kits. Some of them went back to the 1980s. Some of them now are over 40 years old." 
We use rituals to mark the early stages of our lives, like birthdays and graduations — but what about our later years? 
This is the psychology of PTSD: 
"We say: What was she wearing at that party? Why was she drinking with those guys in that hotel room? This is victim blaming." @jacksontkatz

We should ask these questions about sexual assault and domestic violence instead: 
"One in five women and one in 13 men will be sexually assaulted at some point during their college career in the United States. Less than 10 percent will ever report their assault to their school or to the police." 
"If we expect rape to be what it very rarely is — with the rapist as a depraved lower-class man and not a university student or a businessman who goes out chasing after girls on a Friday or Saturday — women will continue to be unable to speak." 
When a disaster happens, this is how you can effectively help: 
5 TED talks to watch if you're mad and frustrated: 
7 TED Talks to watch when you're feeling alone: 
Hate math? Here's why you should love statistics: 
5 TED talks to watch if you're frustrated and annoyed by the world: 
"Regardless of whether or not he deserved my forgiveness, I deserved peace. My era of shame was over." 
"The data is already there. Ethnically diverse companies perform 33 percent better than the norm. Forbes’s best workplaces for diversity enjoy 24 percent higher revenue growth." 
What happened when we tested thousands of abandoned rape kits in Detroit:  @PAKymWorthy 
Thousands of rape kits were abandoned in Detroit. Here’s what happened when they were finally tested: 
Could the Earth be swallowed by a black hole? 😱 
"When we label a person tragic or angelic, bad or good, we rob them of their humanity, along with not only the messiness and complexity that that title brings, but the rights and dignities as well." 
A surprising way to fight internet trolls — turn kindness into a game: 
7 ways to prep for going to a protest: 
Are you a chart nerd? Here’s a visual history of graphs, charts and diagrams: 
What are the most important moral problems of our time? 
This is your action plan to make your company more diverse: 
This is the science behind why we choke under pressure:  
How police and the public can create safer neighborhoods together:  
This is why statistics are extremely cool: 
Stop being so indecisive! 
If you're feeling isolated, these TED Talks can help. 
The simple genius of a good graphic:  
"I read somewhere that you should try and be the person that you needed when you were younger. Back when I was a teenager, I would have needed to know that the shame wasn't mine, that there's hope after rape." 
"Far too often, responsibility is attributed to female survivors of sexual violence, and not to the males who enact it. Far too often, the denial and running leaves all parties at a great distance from the truth." 
This is why so many new moms feel like they aren't good enough: 
What you need to know about legal weed: 
"When I released my grip about what made a life good or bad, I could watch my daughter's life unfold and see what it was. It was beautiful, it was complicated, joyful, hard -- in other words: just another expression of the human experience."  
Headed to a protest or march? Here’s what to know before you go:  
200 years of transfixing charts: 
How do you rebuild trust after it's been broken?

Watch Frances Frei's full TED Talk here:  
How propaganda does real harm: 
This LGBTQ forum has found a way to weed out trolls by rewarding kindness: 
Simple solutions that are making life easier for Parkinson's patients: 
Here's what to do if you’re detained by law enforcement while protesting: 
How legalizing weed is changing the product: 
These temporary tattoos can help you stay healthy: 
"Slowing down is the most radical thing you can do in this capitalist world that demands your work from sunup to sundown." @TheAudaciousPrj 
3 ways we can improve the lives of teachers: 
Even when we're at the top of our game, we often perform at our worst under pressure. Here's why: 
"Museums are temples to things past. Now they must also become places for living cultures." 
These talks will help you chill out and enjoy your day. 
These bamboo homes curve and surprise at every turn: 
There isn't an instruction manual for parenting, but this is a start: 
"Under pressure, when we're concerned about performing at our best, we try and control aspects of what we're doing that should be left outside conscious control." 
More than 1,600 people have now had their bail paid by The Bail Project, allowing them to await their trial from home rather than in a jail cell. @TheAudaciousPrj 
10 percent of campus sexual assaults in the US are thought to be officially reported, and survivors tend to wait up to 11 months to do so. Here's why: 
7 TED talks to help you ease into the weekend: 

"The stag trampled on my throat, and the press trampled on my privacy." 
Why so many survivors of rape feel unsafe reporting their assault to the police or to their university: 
How I became part sea urchin — and fell in love:  
"These are the songs I just never tire of hearing and I never tire of writing, because they make me feel less alone." @lukesitalsingh 
Why most survivors stay silent after sexual assault: 
"Listen, this isn't your grandpa's weed." 

How the weed lobby is changing the product: 
The 5 types of mentors you need in your life: 
For those times when it's tempting to just climb into bed — or the bathtub — and hide from the world.  
Why museums are returning cultural treasures:
 drchipcolwell 
This new tech could teach our immune system to heal us faster: 
The tabloids sensationalized my freak accident. Here's how I took my story back:  
Why do women who experience sexual assault rarely speak up about it? Because they fear they won't be believed. 
How data became power: 
@cityofpocatello @TEDxIdahoFalls @romanmars 
How we could teach our bodies to heal faster:  
How to add more joy – and color — to your life: 
Tiny humans are intimidating! Consider this an instruction manual on how to raise them: 
“I am born with lava, and I will die with lava.” 
If you're stuck in a rut, these are the TED talks for you. 
"The only thing that could've stopped me from being raped that night is the man who raped me — had he stopped himself."

Watch @thordiselva and Tom Stranger's extraordinary TED Talk about rape and reconciliation:  
These temporary tattoos can help you stay healthy: 
Climate change doesn't care about politics. 
We should ask some tough questions about legal weed — and not for the reasons you think. 
These are the 5 types of mentors you should have in your life:  
Why the hospital of the future will be your own home:  
Did the security decisions we made after 9/11 actually make the world safer? 
“The average person checks email 74 times a day, and switches tasks on their computer 566 times a day.” @manoushz

Is staving off boredom actually ruining your creativity? Watch the full TED Talk here:  
13 TED talks to help you be a great parent: 
No one likes talking about money. This is why you need to: 
"It's beautifully crafted and completely useless, and it's wonderful."

These are the gigantic, playful sculptures of Burning Man:  
Why we choke under pressure — and how to avoid it:  @sianbeilock 
The press trampled on my privacy. Here's how I took back my story:  @drkatestone 
From who you should marry to what restaurant you should go to, you should make decisions by thinking like a computer. 
11 TED Talks to watch when you're feeling stuck: 
Your neighbors might make you mad, but at least they've never spewed molten lava. 
It's the final four seconds of the game. All eyes are on you. Will you score the winning point, or will you choke? 
Go inside some of the world’s most beautiful bamboo homes:

Being a new mother is hard. Let's talk about it. 
These TED Talks are unforgettable. 
These whimsical bamboo houses are sustainably made — and beautiful. 
Math can help you see the world from a different perspective. Here's how: 
This is how you can finally figure out where to eat: 
"Let’s take a quick look at the top 100 companies in the London Stock Exchange in 2016. How many women running them? Seven. 17 are run by men called 'John.' There are more men called John running FTSE 100 companies than there are women." 
Why do women who experience sexual assault rarely speak up about it? Because they fear they won't be believed. #MeToo 
If your self-worth is tied to how much money you make, you need to watch this TED Talk. 
This is why teaching students to think for themselves should be a part of every school’s curriculum.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Your fingerprints reveal more than you think.  @SimonaFrancese 
What math can teach us about each other: 
Raising a kid is scary. Here are a few TED Talks to make it less intimidating: 
10 TED Talks you won't stop thinking about: 

How this comedian wound up starting a political party:  @sanditoksvig
Give this riddle your best shot. 
How thinking like a computer will help you decide where to eat today: 
"Whether it's as basic as trying to decide what restaurant to go to, or who to spend the rest of your life with — human lives are filled with computational problems. For those problems, it's worth consulting the experts — computer scientists." 
Struggle to make decisions? Here's a TED Talk for you. 
"The ice doesn't care who's in the White House. It doesn't care which party controls your congress. It doesn't care which party controls your parliament. It just melts." 
We trust teachers with the world’s most important job: educating our kids. So why aren’t we paying them in a way that shows they’re valued? 
Slowing down is an art. This is how you master it:  
This is why your brain freezes up under pressure, and how you can get your mind back on track. 
How your workplace could help end sex trafficking:

By the end of today, 20 people will have died waiting for an organ transplant. Advances in gene-editing technology mean that pigs could soon be our new donors: 
How to reclaim your space from too much stuff: 
How to create a world where no one dies waiting for a transplant:  @eGenesisBio 
Not a single American working full-time for minimum wage can afford to buy a one-bedroom home.

Mobile homes offer an affordable way to become a homeowner — but there's a disturbing, hidden price. 
Is there a way to talk about death candidly, without fear and even with humor? 5 TED speakers explore the beauty of life... and death. @TEDRadioHour  
This gentle advice will help you look at the excess in your life, get rid of it, and restore some order to your space. 
Take the 10 days of positivity challenge: 
How I'm using LEGO to teach Arabic:  @ghada_wali 
You only get one brain. Here's how to keep it healthy: 
This is how you channel your pent-up anger into something productive: 
Our best bet to save humanity? Focus on problems that are big, solvable and neglected. 
Anger is fire for creativity — and it’s time to let it burn. 
This 10-day challenge can help you change your outlook on life. 
Of all the problems the world faces, which do we solve first? Here's one idea. 
"Contrary to the idea that anger clouds thinking, properly understood it is an astoundingly clarifying emotion." @schemaly 
"When doctors are willing to step off our pedestals, take off our white coats, and show our patients who we are and what medicine is all about, that's when we begin to overcome the sickness of fear." — Dr. Leana Wen @DrLeanaWen 
How can we do the most good for the world? @willmacaskill  
“If we are infected with hate and the lack of knowledge — who these people really are, what’s inside, what’s driving them — we could lose our wonderful democracy." 

@realBobWoodward on what we should learn from Watergate and President Nixon: 
The first few weeks of a new job are dizzying, but they don't have to be. Here's how to make that process easier: 
5 TED Talks about the magic of the human voice: 
These are the security lessons we need to learn from 9/11: 
Zak Ebrahim was just seven years old when his father helped plan the 1993 World Trade Center bombing. This is how he chose a different way of life.  
From airport security to international relations, 9/11 changed everything. But did we learn the right lessons? 
"For the victims of terrorism, I will speak out against these senseless acts and condemn my father's actions. I stand here as proof that violence isn't inherent in one's religion or race, and the son does not have to follow the ways of his father." 
Did the global response to 9/11 make us safer?  @benedettabertiw 
"Every year, something compels people from all different walks of life, from all over the world, to go out into the desert and make art when there is no money in it." 
Your new favorite musician is going to be AI. 
A new way to fund health care for the most vulnerable: 
 @peekteam 
You should add this mindfulness practice to your work routine. 
How AI could compose a personalized soundtrack to your life: 
 @aivatechnology 
Starting a new job is stressful. This is how we can make the transition easier:

7 TED Talks for the gamer in your life: 
This unconventional school gives kids a lot more freedom: 
"The truth is, truth has never been high on the agenda of Homo sapiens. If you stick to unalloyed reality, few people will follow you." @harari_yuval 
"Homo sapiens is a post-truth species, who conquered this planet thanks above all to the unique human ability to create and spread fictions." @harari_yuval 
"When artists stop worrying about critics and collectors and start making work for themselves, these are the kinds of marvelous toys they create." 
We know this is why you come here. 
"I don't want you to have hope. I want you to have certainty, real certainty, that we can make a dent in this problem and live to see it."

"In the desert, there are no gatekeepers and no placards explaining the art, just natural curiosity. When you arrive, you walk all around it, you touch it, you test it. Is it sturdy enough to climb on? Will I be impaled by it?" 
Why teaching kids to dance will make them better students: 
"My country has taught me the capacity for human beings to love is akin to godliness." @iamsrk 
Why we should give teachers free housing: 
From beat-boxing battles to a digital choir of 2000 people, these TED Talks celebrate the beauty and versatility of the human voice. 
How AI can make humans stronger: 
In the 19th century, schools in the U.S. used to provide housing for teachers. This is why we need to restart the tradition: 
“Acceptance is knowing that grief is a raging river. And you have to get into it. Because when you do, it carries you to the next place. It eventually takes you to open land, somewhere where it will turn out OK in the end.” @TweetsbySimone 
Tough truths about the pot lobby, THC, and the commercial weed industry: 
This is how you and your coworkers can help stop sex trafficking: 
A helpful tip for future homeowners: Don't buy a McMansion! Here's why: 
 @mcmansionhell
"You cannot play games or read novels unless you suspend disbelief. To enjoy soccer, you have to forget for at least ninety minutes that its rules are merely human inventions." @harari_yuval 
"This is the farthest thing from marketable art. It's huge, it's dangerous, it takes a dozen people to run, and it doesn't go with the sofa." 
A love letter to realism in a time of grief:
 @markpollock @TweetsbySimone 
This is the gigantic, playful art of Burning Man: 
Stress makes it harder to remember facts. Here are ways to get your mind going again: 
Let's launch a satellite to track a threatening greenhouse gas:  @FredKrupp @EnvDefenseFund 
3 ways businesses can fight sex trafficking:  
If you love cracking your knuckles, or hate the people who do, this what causes that polarizing noise: 
"I’m really conscious about thinking before I speak. What we speak is what we put out into the world, it’s what we create." — @TheMrMilan 
We should ask some tough questions about legal weed — and not for the reasons you think. 
How legalizing weed is changing the product — and creating a powerful industry: 
“What we are seeing is the culmination of a very long struggle. This is the last chance we have, at least for this generation.” 
"Listen, this isn't your grandpa's weed." 

How the cannabis lobby is changing the product: 
India is on the cusp of a historic Supreme Court decision that could decriminalize homosexuality. 
What commercialization is doing to cannabis:  @BenCortConsult 
Why a more colorful home creates a more joyful life:  @ingridfetell #JOYFULbook
These colors are scientifically proven to make your home more energizing:  @ingridfetell #JOYFULbook
New technology can help us decode the function of every cell in our bodies — which could lead to new ways to treat mental illnesses. 
How to fill your life with color — and joy:  @ingridfetell #JOYFULbook 
The disturbing ways racism creeps into the foster care system:  @JessPryce
How data is helping us unravel the mysteries of the brain:
 
10 TED Talks to watch with the FBI agent in your webcam: 
This is the best place on the internet. 
"It’s only human to avoid discussing death. But when we do, we run the risk of not knowing how our loved ones want to live — and die." 
How to become an emotionally intelligent person: 
"Space is vast. Identifying a signal is hard, and we haven't been looking that long. Without doubt, we should spend more on the search. It's about understanding our place in the universe. It's too important a question to ignore." 
"Consequences are what happen when you don't do what you're accountable for." 
"Money can no longer be a taboo topic. We have to get honest with each other that we're suffering with money issues." 
This is who is statistically more likely to be the favorite child: 
As our bodies have adapted to life in modern society, we've started to lose some of our normal microbes. 
Why sometimes we feel like we're faking it... even though we've already made it: 
Money shame is the intensely painful feeling or experience of believing that we are flawed, and therefore unworthy of love and belonging, based on our bank account balances, our debts, our homes, our cars and our job titles. 
"Single-mindedness is not just caring about something. It's caring about something enough to do something about it." 
Imagining our lives on the moon might help us live better on Earth. 
If you already gave up straws, here are more plastic items you can stop using. 
We need to move past the deep shame and discomfort we feel when talking about money: 
10 things to think about before you quit your job: 
Here's how to make conversation at the family barbecue. 
Why we need to talk about the totally normal emotional ambivalence of new mothers:

Ever feel like your talents are being overlooked? These 5 TED speakers explore why that happens -- and how we can change it (via @TEDRadioHour).

If you can't remember the last time you interacted with someone in person, this article is for you. 
"Suicide rates among adults ages 40 to 64 have risen nearly 40% since 1999. Job loss, bankruptcy and foreclosures were present in nearly 40% of the deaths, with white middle-aged men accounting for 7 out of 10 suicides." 
Why a galaxy 359 million light-years away is baffling scientists:

Privacy is dead. Here are all of the devices spying on you: 
Why we should question more — our doctors, our governments and even our own eyes. (No need to bring a tinfoil hat.)  
6 sea creatures that are prettier than humans (debatably): 
The bail system ties freedom to your ability to pay. 
Why so many new mothers feel like they aren't good enough: 

Rather than cash bail, California will now give judges the broad discretion to detain people and use algorithm-based risk assessments to determine if they should be held with no hope of being released at all. 
Have that one friend who always cracks their knuckles? Here's why it makes that sound. 
How the bail system in the US became such a mess — and how it can be fixed:  
Let's get honest about our money problems. @tammylally
 
Does cracking your joints lead to arthritis? Or are people just desperately trying to make you stop making *that* noise? 
"Refusing emotions takes away from the complexity and wholeness of a human being.” @TheMrMilan 
A new way to think about the transition to motherhood:
 @alexandra_sacks 
You might know Halima Aden as the hijab-wearing model on the cover of @BritishVogue, but her story began in Kakuma Refugee Camp in Kenya. @Kinglimaa #TEDxKakumaCamp 
"I believe as a man I can have a range of emotions — it doesn’t have to stop at lust and anger. There’s an idea that men can’t have fear, that men can’t be complicated. I want to turn that on its head." @TheMrMilan 
It might be tempting to dramatically quit your terrible job, but read this before you do it. 
By 2020, China is on track to generate Germany's entire electricity consumption from wind and solar energy alone. @ecoangelhsu 
"Walk right now in the direction of your healthiest, most fulfilled life, because self-care is a revolutionary act." @GirlTrek #stressprotest 
@City_of_Anaheim @romanmars Heck yeah!! We love what you chose. Gorgeous.
It’s only human to avoid discussing death. But when we do, we run the risk of not knowing how our loved ones want to live — and die. 
"As a person who was not born into manhood, I’ve had to curate my masculinity from a blank slate. I had to look at different examples and tropes of masculine and decide what I wanted to engage in and what I didn’t." @TheMrMilan 
We need to bring dying into the open. 
What you should really know about China and climate change: 
 @ecoangelhsu
Of the top 100 films in 2017, two thirds didn’t include a single Asian or Asian-American character. 
This is the furthest thing from marketable art, and that's exactly the point: 
What if you kept your phone in airplane mode... whenever you wanted to? Just a suggestion. 
Why art thrives at Burning Man:  
This talk is a visual journey into the world of Burning Man: 
How art can shape America's conversation about freedom: 
 
How sales get you to buy things you don't actually want: 
This valuable learning tool is usually overlooked: 
Algorithms are opinions embedded in code. A lot can go wrong when we put blind faith in them. 
"Algorithms don't make things fair. They repeat our past practices, our patterns. They automate the status quo." 
You need to know how algorithms work. Here's why: 
Why medicine needs to be a team effort: 
3 ways to help any kid be more creative:

4 TED speakers explore why we hate, and how we can fight it: 
(Via @TEDRadioHour)

Why leading with the bad news is better than cushioning the blow: 
How we built the world’s first bank for rural women in India: 
These rural women in India were denied savings accounts because they couldn't read and write. Now the bank they started has $20 million in capital. 
How to tell if it's lust or love, and why both matter:  

5 TED speakers explore attention, distraction and everything in between. 
It's not just you — everyone feels like they are faking it sometimes. These TED Talks can help. 
This is how you can help someone open up: 
Why Adam Driver is bringing theater into military bases: 

Your student loans are making a lot of other people rich. 
How to make your pride work for you: 
What motivates you to do your best work? 
If getting older scares you, this will make you feel better: 
Why we need to stop treating education like a consumer good: 
This is how to make friends as an adult. 
The perfect roommate is elusive. These TED talks will help you deal with their quirks.  
How we can use light to see deep inside our bodies and brains:  @mljmljmlj 
Don't fail fast. Fail mindfully.  @letigasca

 
How to fail successfully: 
"Today, more than 100,000 women are banking with us and we have more than 20 million dollars of capital. This is all women's savings, no outside investors asking for a business plan. It's our own rural women's savings."  
This is why you don't have to worry about getting older: 
This is the business case for diversity: 

Were your student loans worth it? 
If you avoid telling people the "bad news," you're making it worse. 
This artist creates colorful work that channels Brazil's social and political unrest. @TEDFellow 
A helpful tip for the next time you have to ruin someone's day: 
It's not just you, everyone feels like they're faking it sometimes. These TED Talks can help. 
This is far beyond those snowflake cutouts you made in 3rd grade: 
6 TED Talks to watch with your best friend: 
The simple question that will help your family open up: 
Soft sculptures... or the work of groovy extraterrestrial spiders? (It's art, but that would be really cool.)  
Could this be the best way to improve democracy? 
11 TED Talks to watch if you’re job hunting: 
“As adults, there aren’t enough opportunities for us to get lost in something. My sculptures are the size that I can lie down on the grass, look up and have it fill my world." 
How to get serious about diversity and inclusion in the workplace:  @janetmariestov 
This kindergarten is designed to let kids be kids.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
It's not just you. Your baby IS a genius!  
A friendly reminder that some people are actually really great. 
8 floating sculptures that will send your mind soaring: 
How AI can help you turn compassion into a career: 
"Let's work together to build a system that wants to make families stronger instead of pulling them apart." 
"See if you can use the same qualities that you feel make you a man to go deeper. Your strength, your bravery, your toughness: Are you brave enough to be vulnerable?" @justinbaldoni  

"Walking down the street, what does the city you live in say to you? What symbols are present? Which histories are celebrated?" @sthemse 
Feel like you just hit a wall? These TED Talks will help you get out of your funk. 
These rural women in India were denied savings accounts because they couldn't read and write. Now the bank they started has $20 million in capital. 
Why the "wrong side of the tracks" is usually the east side of cities:  @stephendeberry 
You’re only as healthy as your microbes. 
This oncologist was horrified when she discovered that her pension was invested heavily in cigarette companies. Your retirement fund could be too.  
Controversial opinion. 
"Never provide poor solutions to poor people. They are smart." @chetnavsinha 
Let's call this bonding 101. 
If you want deeper, more meaningful connections with others, this is how to make that happen. 
Crack a spine and escape the chaos of 2018. 
How women in rural India turned courage into capital:  @chetnavsinha 
Your Monday morning bop is here, courtesy of @yelle.  
Just find out who your freshman roommate is? This is how you can live in harmony with them. 
Are grit and perseverance enough to succeed? Or does someone need to give you a chance? @TEDRadioHour  
Great new perspective on how to use your time meaningfully — not productively. 
How to talk to the climate change denier in your life: 
We need to rethink masculinity.  @justinbaldoni
Your favorite fish is in danger. This is what you can do about it: 
Learn how to pay better attention — despite your digital devices:  @TEDRadioHour
"When our kids learn to think critically about the world around them, they become the kinds of engaged citizens who will recognize and question injustice when they see it and work to do something about it." @SydneyChaffee 
Worn out? Exhausted? Bleary-eyed? These TED Talks will help you get your groove back. 
How educating girls empowers us to build a better world: 
This just in: Your voice is not going to sound like this forever. 
Your voice box has some exciting changes in store for you. 
Job hunting? These TED Talks have great advice to help you land your dream role. 
We're probably still raising our kids the wrong way. @TEDRadioHour  
Want to change someone’s mind? Here are some first steps. 
An easy trick to help your family open up: 
Is hatred learned or innate? @TEDRadioHour 
The difference between humans and AI is love. 
The International African American Museum in Charleston, South Carolina will remember the hallowed ground where thousands of slaves were stored, and many perished. @HDHoodDesign 
How urban spaces can preserve history and build community:  @HDHoodDesign 
8 TED Talks to help you talk about sex: 
Learn what drives your creative process — and how to achieve your full potential. 
A better way to answer the age-old question: “What do you do?” 
These are the jobs that AI can't replace. 
This gorgeous short film explores what happens when prison keeps families apart.  @TEDFellow 
When cancer cells talk to each other, bad things happen. This is how we stop them. 
What happens to your electronics after you throw them away? Meet the self-taught tech entrepreneurs in Ghana who mine scrapyards for reusable goods.  @dkoa
"When we lose a loved one, we still love them. And I wasn’t ready to stop loving." 
Thoughtful ways to grieve those we've loved and lost: 
Alexa does not have your back.

Watch @kashhill and @suryamattu's full TED Talk here:  
What a scrapyard in Ghana can teach us about innovation:  @dkoa 
It is incredibly hard to say goodbye. 
"It's our responsibility to equip our students with the tools and the skills that they need to insist on a more equitable world -- and then sometimes, to get out of their way, and let them apply those skills to things that they care about." @SydneyChaffee 
In this episode of the @TEDRadioHour, 4 TED speakers explore the debate over free speech. 
8 ways to make a better first impression: 
Why I fight for the education of refugee girls like me:  
You shouldn’t be worried if your kid becomes an English major. 
It’s only Wednesday. The weekend is so close and yet so far. 
Do you know what you want to be when you grow up? This playlist might help. 

The little risks you can take to increase your luck:  @tseelig 
6 TED Talks to watch if someone just broke your heart: 
Diane Wolk-Rogers teaches history at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland. This is what she'd like you to know about gun violence. 
What should schools teach students about social justice, politics and activism? This teacher wants to help kids and teens find their voices. @SydneyChaffee 
Why our workforce needs humanities majors: 
We can help you process your breakup from the comfort of the bed you’re wallowing in. 
7 TED Talks to remind you why you like people: 
How artificial intelligence will make room for what really matters in your life: 
“The wrestling circus doesn't need to come to your town before you get an invitation to be the real you — the bigger, more stunning version of yourself.”  
What social justice looks like – and why schools should teach it: 
Why some women have to fight for an accurate diagnosis: 
You are fluent in this language (and don't even know it).  @abstractsunday
These are the unexpected ways that racism hurts pregnant women. 
Should all speech, even the most offensive, be allowed on college campuses? And is hearing from those we deeply disagree with worth it? On the @TEDRadioHour, 4 TED speakers explore the debate over free speech. 
Let's explore the massive communication network under the forest floor. 
You don’t have to be good at numbers to spot a bad statistic. 
How AI can save our humanity:  @kaifulee 
“We live in an incredible world. So go out. Be curious. Because we do live in a world where shamans still sing to the spirits of the jungle, where rivers do boil and where legends do come to life.” 
The language you speak has a profound impact on the way you think. 
Next time a prince emails you asking for money, consider responding. 
If you think a STEM degree is the only path to success, think again.  
Joy is all around us. These TED Talks will help you see it. 
"People ask me, how do you extend goodwill to the person who murdered your child? I tell them, you do that through forgiveness." 
A friendly reminder to thank your lunch ladies. 
5 TED Talks to help you let go of the past: 
Bad statistics are everywhere. Here’s how to spot them. 
Learn how to manage your money like a pro. 
Holding onto regrets isn’t serving you. Here’s how to let them go. 
These TED Talks might make you nostalgic for your kooky math teacher. 
How your brain constructs your emotions: 
“Living with this illness has taught me that science and medicine are profoundly human endeavors. Doctors, scientists and policymakers are not immune to the same biases that affect all of us.” 
This is how trees communicate with each other:  
There are a lot of manipulated statistics out there, but numbers are more important than ever. Here’s how to tell the good ones from the bad ones.  
Do your emotions get the better of you? Here’s some advice on how to get your emotions under control.  
“The data is showing that the boiling river exists independent of volcanism. It's neither magmatic or volcanic in origin, and over 700 kilometers away from the nearest volcanic center.” 
Your understanding of the world is crafted by the language you speak. 
If you’ve ever been tempted to respond to spam email, this is the best possible outcome. 
11 TED Talks to help you land your dream job: 
"Myths about the hymen have lived on for centuries because they have cultural significance. They have been used as a powerful tool in the effort to control women's sexuality in about every culture, religion and historical decade." 
7 TED Talks to help you redefine success: 
Why are cats so afraid of cucumbers? And what's the deal with boxes? 
8 ways to make an impression: 
They build houses. They dress up to impress each other. They even cuddle! 
Meet who actually owns the data that your smart devices collect on you. 
Every stay-at-home parent should watch this TED Talk. 
"The median household in the US only has enough savings to replace one month of income. 47 percent of us cannot pull together 400 dollars to deal with an emergency." 
Unforgettable animations of how a sneeze travels inside a plane cabin: 
This doctor was horrified when she learned her investment portfolio included shares in tobacco companies by default — and yours probably does too.  @DrBronKing
Is it too late to save the internet? 
Do we have a moral responsibility to act on climate change? 
A playlist for the TED Talk phase of your post-breakup wallowing. 
Math has some redeeming qualities. 
"Millions of boomer-age Americans did not land here because of too many trips to Starbucks. We spent the last three decades dealing with flat and falling wages and disappearing pensions and through-the-roof cost on housing and health care and education." 
8 TED Talks to watch if you're annoyed with your family: 
How one photographer is challenging how we think about skin color: 
12 TED Talks to watch if you are about to be responsible for human life: 
Why a medical myth still has control of women's sexuality: 
How I forgave the boy who killed my son: 
11 TED Talks for when you want to look at beautiful things: 
3+3 TED Talks about math! (See what we did there?) 
A treat for your mind and your eyeballs. 
"Tech is just the latest vehicle for very rich people to use well-tested techniques of buying political influence, monopolistic behavior and avoiding regulation." 
This is who is statistically more likely to be the favorite child: 
Did you forget how to talk to people in person?  Here are some helpful tips. 
Is success always earned? Is failure? 
Our culture is obsessed with happiness, but what if there's a more meaningful path? 
For too long, their efforts have been largely unknown. 
"I wish I could look at the world in the same as I did when I was a small boy. I think there is a danger, as we get older, that our curiosity becomes slightly muted or dulled by familiarity."  
A helpful guide to reaching your career goals. 
We all doubt ourselves sometimes. Here’s a reminder that you’re enough. 
11 TED Talks to help you work on your self-worth: 
A shout-out to lunch ladies, librarians and other overlooked heroes who make the world a better place. 
"What you have is software pulling in all of these different influences to automatically generate kids' worst nightmares." @jamesbridle 
Think you know what makes a strong leader? You're probably wrong. 
5 communication tips to help you be a better parent: 
Tobacco causes more than seven million deaths every year — and many of us are far more complicit in the problem than we know. @DrBronKing 
"All technology encodes within it certain values and assumptions about how the world works." 
"When we're talking about girls, their early sexual experience shouldn't have to be something that they get over."

For three years, Peggy Orenstein interviewed girls ages 15 to 20 about sexuality. Here's what they told her: 
"When we need new jobs, when we need new resources — this is when we really pay a price for living in a clique." 
10 TED Talks to watch when you have a lot of feelings: 
Befriending your neighbors might help you live longer. 
"The iPhone and web browsers have infected us all with the alluring idea that disruption is liberation, total individualism is empowerment and gadgets equal progress." 
This study has tracked the lives of 724 people for 78 years. Here's what it learned: 
Want to make your brain stronger? Here's what you should snack on. 
When parents have a favorite child: 
Are you a soldier or a scout? Your answer to this question could determine how clearly you see the world: 
These gorgeous photographs are a love letter to Earth. 
How to find your person and finally ditch the dating apps: 
Something massive, with roughly 1,000 times the area of Earth, is blocking the light coming from a distant star known as KIC 8462852, and nobody is quite sure what it is. 
The surprising reason why you've never seen baby dinosaur bones: 
Venus is too hot, Mars is too cold, and Earth is just right. But why? 
Feeling out of control of your life? Stop thinking in the short term. 
The best places to travel if you want to avoid everyone, and other refreshing looks at our planet: 
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed: 
This is the date you should go on before your first date. 
Seriously, where are they? 
Don't try to live without regrets. Make peace with them. 
A shocking secret about some of our most beloved dinosaurs: 
8 TED Talks to help you stand up for yourself: 
Want to get paid what you're worth? Learn how to communicate your value: 
An unsettling exploration of what makes a psychopath. 
There are real costs to not taking a quality vacation. Here's how to do it right: 
Why pediatricians are helping parents with their taxes: 
The virginity myth got debunked years ago, but its cultural power remains. 
Could it be an alien-built megastructure? Probably not, but wouldn't that be cool? 
This is truly breathtaking work. 
How talking to strangers can help your career: 
Alexa does not have your back. 
These simple images can communicate so much — like the eternal struggle of where to put your other arm when spooning. @abstractsunday  
Forget everything else. Let's talk about birds. 
How to be unforgettable: 
The value of wasting a scammer’s time: 
This is how language influences your mind: 
Emotions don’t work the way you think they do. 
Does your pension fund or 401k include cigarette investments? You should probably find out. @DrBronKing 
You may be accidentally investing in cigarette companies.  @DrBronKing 
8 TED Talks to help you ask for what you want: 
If you're into true crime, this playlist is up your alley. 
"Self-awareness gives us power. We might not always like what we see, but there's a comfort in knowing ourselves." 
This artist broke the Guinness World Record for the biggest connect-the-dots. 
It took 300 hours to finish the piece — and 19 hours to connect the dots. 
"Whom do we look in order to solve our collective social problems? It’s no longer the state, but the modern tech-geek superhero." 
Are you making the salary you deserve? Do you know how to ask for it?

Watch @pricingcasey's full TED Talk here:  
Humanity may just be in the right place at the right time when it comes to the timeline of life-sustaining planets. 
Fake videos of real people — and how to spot them:  
Mistakes are messy, but they're also an opportunity for something greater. 
Why the hymen remains one of the most powerful tools used to control young women: 
Get that paper. 
This is what it means to be truly self-aware. 
We've heard that lots of you use TED Talks to learn new languages! Here are 11 great talks to practice with: 
Where are they?? 
Dating apps aren't the problem. It's how we use them.  @cmwalla 
"95% of people think they're self-aware, but the real number is closer to 10 to 15%. On a good day, 80% of us are lying to ourselves about whether we're lying to ourselves." 
What if we could drastically reduce the amount of data needed to train an AI? 
"A good coach is a thinking partner, a source of outside perspective and a reality check. A coach can help you refine vague aspirations into actual plans. Your coach isn’t a guide. They’re a partner in figuring out your own stuff." 
How AI is making it easier and cheaper to diagnose diseases:  
Befriending your neighbors might help you live longer. 
Too few parents in the US know about this important tax credit. 
"The only thing a coach wants is for you to find success and happiness on your own terms. That’s an incredibly powerful force to have in your life." 
10 TED Talks to watch when you have a lot of feelings: 
Why doctors are offering free tax prep in their waiting rooms:  @Lucy_Marcil 
We all want success, but how we define it matters. 
Why are aliens ignoring us? Or are they just not out there?  
3 things you should look for in a professional coach: 
This is what your brain does when it's paying attention. 
We're excited to watch this honest conversation about men and the #MeToo movement, including TED speakers @TonyPorterACTM and @justinbaldoni. #ManEnough 
Is your family making you feel like an angsty teen again? This playlist will remind you why you like them. 
Forget the "flesh" colored crayon. This photographer is documenting our true colors. 
Raising a tiny human is intimidating. This playlist has some tips. 
This is the world's first underwater sculpture park. 
Do you hate poorly designed crosswalks? Are you passionate about public transit? This video game is for you. 
12 TED Talks to watch before the stork delivers your baby: 
"In a world fractured by religious, political and racial divides, even with all of our obvious differences... at the most fundamental level, we are all the same." @anjalikumar 
If you want to be more successful, redefine what success means to you. 
How much of your personal time has become screen time? 
This photographer is challenging how we think about skin color: 
Family reunion coming up? These talks will remind you why you love them. 
Everyone experiences loneliness, but how we live could change that. 
How sharing space with your neighbors could help you live longer: 
This dazzling park in Bangkok has an important job: it can contain one million gallons of water during a flood. Here’s how. 
We need to change the way we think about happiness. 
From small talk to opening up, these TED Talks will help you connect with others. 
7 TED Talks to watch when dating has got you down. 
Why receptionists and cashiers ask you such weird, specific questions — and why some data collection is crucial:  @MizladiThePoet 
What plastic item would you love to ban? 
How to control someone else's arm with your brain, and other ways tech is hacking your mind: 
Why women are demanding "intimate justice": 
The coldest thing in the world is 395 million times colder than your refrigerator. 
This could be the future of ADHD treatment. 
Serious question: Where are all the aliens?  
This TED Talk will make you unplug all of your smart devices. 
Who's the true beneficiary of your smart home, you or the company mining your personal data? 
"Let’s quit pretending that plastic straws even make the list of the top 1,000 problems we should be discussing."

We asked 15 ocean experts what they thought of the plastic straw ban. Here's what they told us: 
@douira100 Hi there! We're having some technical issues with that link and will share the article again once they're resolved.
Boy Girl Banjo perform "Dead Romance," weaving together Americana folk music and modern pop.  @AnielleReid @brookshiremusic 
This former neo-Nazi has convinced over 100 people to walk away from the movement so far. Here's how: 
Success isn't the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. 
"With email service providers and social media, we've long been told that if it's free, you're the product. But with the internet of things, it seems, even if you pay, you're still the product." @suryamattu 
Why I left the white supremacist movement I helped build: 
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." @BreneBrown

Watch Brené's full TED Talk about the power of vulnerability here:  
Embracing diversity starts with accepting your own complicated identity. 
Bad sex is a cultural problem. This is how we fix it. 
"If you buy a smart device, you should know you're going to own the device, but in general, the company is going to own your data." @kashhill 
Why scientists are taking 1.5 million photos of the Earth daily: 
The universe is incredibly old, astoundingly vast and populated by trillions of planets. So where are all the aliens? 
Hey Alexa, who else are you talking to? 
If Tinder is getting you down, this playlist will make you believe in love. 
"All the anxiety you currently feel every time you go online, about being tracked, is about to move into your living room. Or into your bedroom." @kashhill 
From the mundane to the magical, this project is putting every change on the Earth's surface into a searchable database. 
Data is a valuable, powerful commodity — but unlike oil, it is unlimited in quantity and in its capacity for harm. @jamesbridle 
What the Russian Revolution of 1917 would have looked like on social media:  @zygaro 
"The point isn't to live without any regrets. The point is to not hate ourselves for having them." 
This tech journalist filled her apartment with 18 smart devices and tracked how often they contacted their servers... and what data they were reporting back. @suryamattu @kashhill 
Google has received a record 4.3 billion-euro antitrust fine from the European Union. Here's how the EU is trying to keep markets fair: 
What your smart devices know (and share) about you:  @kashhill @suryamattu 
Heartbroken? This TED Talk pairs well with wine and a pint of ice cream. 
The answer to the age-old question: How do you mend a broken heart? 
How you think about happiness is getting in your way. 
Talking to people can be hard. Here's some advice to make it easier. 
What if you could search the surface of the Earth the same way you search the internet? 
"My identity quest is no longer to find my tribe. It's more about allowing myself to embrace all of the possible permutations of myself and cultivating diversity within me and not just around me." @rebecahwang 
If you have a tattoo, you’re part of a rich cultural history that dates back at least 8,000 years. #NationalTattooDay 
HIV treatment has advanced in leaps and bounds, but its powerful social stigma hasn't changed. #HIVPreventionDay 
"The lesson that I learned from my tattoo is this: We need to learn to love the flawed, imperfect things that we create and to forgive ourselves for creating them." #NationalTattooDay 
"Ignorance is not synonymous with stupid. It's not the inability to learn. It's the state you're in before you learn." #HIVPreventionDay 
This is the coldest thing in the world. 
How I’m cultivating diversity within me, not just around me:  @rebecahwang 
The key to happiness isn't success. 
"Instead of having our humanity subverted to serve the marketplace, capitalism has to be made to serve human ends and goals." 
"Getting over heartbreak is not a journey. It's a fight, and your reason is the strongest weapon." @GuyWinch 
If you're struggling to express yourself, this is a good place to start. 
@directedbyp @JudsonBrewer Good luck, Paul!
The mission to create a searchable database of Earth's surface:  @wsm1 
Love is a battlefield. This is how you survive. 
"In the US, and in much of the developed world, our current form of capitalism is failing to produce an increasing standard of living for most of its citizens." 
You're not the only one who replays your last relationship over and over. Here's why your brain keeps torturing you. 
Learn how to spot a liar. 
This is how Russia's fake news empire works. 
This is how Russia hacked the US election. 
This dramatic restructuring of the economy would value the well-being of the average person more than the marketplace. Here's how it works: 
College debt is a scam. 
"Why are we discovering side effects on women only after a drug has been released to the market?" 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
How online shaming destroys lives:  @jonronson
How a single word can change your conversation: 
This is how habits form — and how to break them. 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
"Lying is an attempt to connect our wishes and our fantasies about who we wish we were with what we're really like." 
"What does it do to a child to grow up knowing that you cannot simply be a child?" @ClintSmithIII 
How to raise kids who love nature:  @Emma_Marris
Play with your garbage. It’s for science! 
We can now download DNA and print life. Isn't science amazing? 
People living in the U.S. have less healthy microbiomes than people living in developing countries. Here’s why: 
What New York City looked like 400 years ago: 
Humanity is more important than money. It’s time for capitalism to get an upgrade. 
5 TED Talks to watch after Jurassic World: 
A poisonous beetle once attacked Charles Darwin. But how did it survive its own toxic burst? 
"I want everyone to see food as a tool for reconnecting to yourself, to your family, but also to your community and to nature." @davidhertz  
Is it possible to bring back long-lost species? Sometimes life, uh, finds a way. 
This chef quit his job at an exclusive restaurant to offer free culinary training in Brazil, El Salvador, South Africa and Mexico. @davidhertz 
Everybody poops, but can what we do with it change the world? 
How companies can create a workplace culture that feels fair.  @snam
Can food fight inequality and build empathy? Here's how one chef is stirring up social change.  @davidhertz
The genius behind some of the world's most famous buildings:  @RPBWARCHITECTS 
In a stirring performance, violinist @LiliHaydn plays a selection from her musical "The Last Serenade."  
The honest reasons why people write mean comments online:  @dylanmarron
"Women, I encourage you to acknowledge your fury. Give it language. Share it in safe places of identification and in safe ways. Your fury is not something to be afraid of. It holds lifetimes of wisdom." @TraceeEllisRoss 
This is the looming retirement crisis for baby boomers. 
How to live when even 'living within your means' isn’t possible:  @55fakingnormal 
We can now download DNA and print life. Isn't science amazing? 
A new way to monitor vital signs (that can see through walls):  
Biological teleportation has arrived. Here’s how it works. 
This is how you raise brave girls. 
Scientists have discovered how to build DNA and send it across the internet. Here's how it works. 
What do your facial expressions mean in other countries? 
People living in the U.S. have less healthy microbiomes than people living in developing countries. Here’s why: 
This is the key to good decision-making: 
“We have to stop cautioning our girls willy-nilly. Notice next time you say, 'Watch out, you're going to get hurt,' or, 'Don't do that, it's dangerous.' What you're really telling her is that she's not good enough, that she should be afraid.” 
Learn about the microbes living in your gut… and how they affect your health: 
Sometimes your face does your talking for you. But are facial expressions universal?  
How to build synthetic DNA and send it across the internet:  
What New York City looked like 400 years ago: 
Want to make better decisions? It’s all about your mindset. 
Being curious makes you a better decision maker. 
Feeling gutsy? 
Dream bigger. Apply to be a @TEDFellow.  
This is the genius of the London Tube Map. 
How farming could employ Africa's young workforce — and help build peace:  @BabbanGona 
"When we push aside normal emotions to embrace false positivity, we lose our capacity to develop skills to deal with the world as it is, not as we wish it to be." @SusanDavid_PhD 
China's tech industry has created incredibly reliable, efficient train travel... and a social credit rating that tracks the honesty and integrity of citizens.

These are the promises and pitfalls of the Chinese internet:  @garyliu
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
"Instead of doing things where I can get ahead, it is much more fulfilling and meaningful to help other people succeed." 
This TED Talk will change the way you think about deportation. @Duartegeraldino 
TED is looking for 20 innovators from all backgrounds whose bold work is making our planet better. Sound like you? Dream bigger and apply to be a @TEDFellow today.  
This is what a world built to be joyful would look like. 

Watch the full TED Talk here:  @ingridfetell 
High-risk emergency missions like the ongoing rescue effort in Thailand require an expert team of total strangers to work together quickly and flawlessly. Here's how they do it. 
The rapid growth of the Chinese internet — and where it's headed:  @garyliu 
"Racial literacy involves the ability to read, recast and resolve a racially stressful encounter." 
"Tuning out opposing viewpoints doesn't make them go away, because millions of people agree with them." 
Why you should plan a daily mental vacation: 
"How do I keep up with all this? How do we find fulfillment in a world that's literally changing as fast as we can think, or maybe even faster?" 
Why you see the world the way you do: 
Learn how to see yourself the way others see you, as essentially good and worthy. 
"The hymen is nothing like a piece of plastic you can wrap around your food, or a seal. It's more like a scrunchie or a rubber band." 
Why teenagers act the way they do: 
"By engaging with controversial and offensive ideas, I believe that we can find common ground, if not with the speakers themselves, then with the audiences they may attract or indoctrinate." 
Learn about 4,000,000,000 years of evolution in 6 minutes:  @PREAUX_FISH
"Tough emotions are part of our contract with life. You don't get to have a meaningful career or raise a family or leave the world a better place without stress and discomfort. Discomfort is the price of admission to a meaningful life." @SusanDavid_PhD 
This is how an EpiPen works. 
"There is a universal anxiety about these two words." 
These are the 13 best TED Talks you've never watched. 
Once you realize this, you'll never think about sex the same way. @emilynagoski 
"By shifting my focus from trying to achieve more success to trying to achieve more harmony, I was immediately able to feel calm and focused again." 
This is why it's so hard to get over failure. Here's how to unstick your brain: 
"In a whiteout, all you can do is look down at your compass and try to keep traveling in vaguely the same direction. There are no landmarks. You lose sight of everything." @polarben 
"The myths about the hymen are untrue. There is no virgin seal that magically disappears after sex, and half of virgins can easily have sex without bleeding." 
"You might think you're in control of unwanted emotions when you ignore them, but in fact they control you. Internal pain always comes out." @SusanDavid_PhD 
"Nature does not hurry. Yet, everything is accomplished." 
Explore the Okavango Delta, one of the last truly wild places on Earth, in this gripping TED Talk:  @drsteveboyes
Sometimes you just want to watch a TED Talk about birds. 
Become a more self-aware person. 
This polar explorer set out to attempt the first solo, unsupported, unassisted crossing of Antarctica. Here's what he learned:  @polarben 
How humans will become superheroes with cyborg technology: 
Is it better to take one long vacation or a few short ones? Let's check the research. 
Does the phrase "organic chemistry" fill you with fear? This fun TED Talk will change that. 
We should embrace death, not try to defeat it. 
4 simple exercises to strengthen your attention and reduce distraction: 
Listen to some of these great jams for your cat: 
In the US, police officers are allowed to lie to teenage suspects and interrogate them without a parent or lawyer present.  @LMalloy
Have trouble thinking positively? This will help. 
The nightmare videos of childrens' YouTube — and what's wrong with the internet today:  @jamesbridle 
"In one study of exonerations, only 8% of adults had falsely confessed, but 42% of juveniles had done so." @LMalloy 
Deep sleep is the most regenerative stage of your night's sleep. Here's how to get more of it.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  @DanGartenberg 
We’ve been crowdfunding startups for years. Why not humanitarian aid? @TEDFellow 
A new way to remove CO2 from the atmosphere:  
Loud, busy places like @NBA arenas can be overwhelming for children with autism. Here’s how one kid’s parents are making a difference:  
The story of 'Oumuamua, the first visitor from another star system:  
More than 80% of interviewed incarcerated teens said they'd been threatened by the police during interrogation, including with the possibility of being raped or killed in jail, or being tried as an adult. @LMalloy 
These scientists discovered a completely new blue pigment, purely by accident:  
When we can expect artificial general intelligence — and what to figure out first: 
Navigating territorial hippos and active minefields, a team of scientists have been traveling through the Okavango Delta to explore and protect this near-pristine habitat. @drsteveboyes 
"What you have is software pulling in all of these different influences to automatically generate kids' worst nightmares." @jamesbridle 
Do the people you love feel loved? Learn how to strengthen your relationships: 
"We interviewed almost 200 incarcerated 14-to-17-year-olds, and 17 % of them reported that they'd made at least one false confession to police." @LMalloy 
Prochlorococcus wasn't discovered until the mid-1980s — but its ancient genetic code may hold clues to how we can reduce our dependence on fossil fuels. 
Why did Brendan Dassey, made famous by @Netflix's Making a Murderer, confess to a crime many experts believe he didn't commit? 

Learn why false confessions are so common among teenagers:  @LMalloy
How we're saving one of Earth's last wild places:  @drsteveboyes 
Paul Rucker collects artifacts connected to the history of slavery. When he couldn't find an undamaged Ku Klux Klan robe, he began making his own.  @blackcellist 
Why teens confess to crimes they didn't commit:  @LMalloy 
"As the 4th of July approaches, and we Americans celebrate the birth of the United States with fireworks and BBQs and patriotic banter, let’s also imagine the power of schooling our nine-year-olds about social justice and civic engagement." 
"If we want our children to grow up to be thoughtful and engaged citizens, we should help them be part of social change now." 
This floating, multi-span suspension bridge in Norway will traverse extremely deep waters. Here's how it will work.

Watch @i_firth's full TED Talk here:  
Activism isn’t just for adults and teens. We need to teach kids to be activists, too. 
Stop judging people by their resume. 
Live your best life. 
This would feel amazing right about now. 
Do the people you love feel loved? Learn how to strengthen your relationships: 
Do you prefer your own company? You're not alone.

Watch @susancain's classic TED Talk about why we should celebrate introverts:  
This tiny creature secretly powers the planet:  @ChisholmLab_MIT 
Why every profession should have coaches:  @Atul_Gawande
Could we really bring the wooly mammoth back from extinction? 
Think we're winning the battle against HIV? Maybe not. 
Want stronger relationships? 7 ways to get closer: 
Stop obsessing over your ex. 
"The stubborn belief that we are somehow different, that someone we love would never think of hurting themselves or someone else, can cause us to miss what's hidden in plain sight."

A mother reckons with her son’s murder-suicide: 
Can you imagine Times Square as a wetland? What New York City looked like 400 years ago: 
Being the alpha is actually pretty terrible. 
7 ways to strengthen your relationships: 
This study has tracked the lives of 724 people for 78 years. Here's what it learned. 
This lawyer has freed at least 6,000 innocent people over the course of his career. 
When we can expect artificial general intelligence — and what to figure out first: 
"When we're talking about girls, their early sexual experience shouldn't have to be something that they get over."

For three years, Peggy Orenstein interviewed girls ages 15 to 20 about sexuality. Here's what they told her: 
Journalists are precious witnesses to the world's tragedies and horrors. 
When you ruminate, stress sticks around in the body long after the reason for the stress is over. 
How to talk (and listen) to your children: 
This is what would happen to your body if you never slept: 
What causes bipolar disorder, and how is it treated? 
Looking for something fun to do this weekend? Go hunting for forgotten vinyl records. 
5 communication tips to help you be a better parent: 
You may soon find airplane options in your ride-sharing apps as flight becomes quieter, more agile and more affordable. 
"Asteroids are our oldest and most numerous cosmic neighbors." #AsteroidDay2018 
What happens when your doctor prescribes you a powerful, necessary pain medication... but doesn't know how to taper you off of it? This is the agony of opioid withdrawal. 
We're entering a new golden age of flight. 
When this woman decided to become surgically sterilized, she faced a long battle against doctors who didn't support her choice. 
"The biggest force of white supremacy is not the KKK, it's the normalization of systemic racism." 
Emotional intelligence isn't a personality trait. It's a skill. 
How autonomous flying taxis could change the way you travel:  @RodinLyasoff 
Why our bodies become aroused when our minds aren't:  @emilynagoski
It's puzzle time. 
"We're not just dealing with the residue of systemic racism. It's the basis of every single thing we do." 
What will the bridges of the future look like? This engineer explores upcoming projects that could cross seas and float above deep waters. 
Having trouble sleeping? You're not alone. 
This new art show takes a surrealist look at black American life:  @TEDFellow @heartacheNpaint
These videos on children's YouTube feature the favorite characters of little kids doing violent, sexually inappropriate things — and they earn millions of views.

Watch @jamesbridle's full TED Talk:  
These scientists discovered a completely new blue pigment, purely by accident:  
This is the impossible agony of opioid withdrawal:  @TNREthx
In October 2017, this astrobiologist got the call every astronomer waits for: NASA had spotted the very first visitor from another star system. 
The agony of opioid withdrawal — and what doctors should tell patients about it:  @TNREthx 
A dragonfly's brain is designed to kill. 
"Nationalism tells me that my nation is unique, and that I have special obligations towards my nation. Fascism tells me that my nation is supreme, and that I have exclusive obligations towards it." 
Was it a chunk of rocky debris from a new star system, evidence of alien technology or something else altogether? 
"The policies the Klan had in place or wanted to have in place a hundred years ago are in place today." 
How do Supreme Court justices get appointed? This is the difficult process of getting a seat on the highest bench in the country: 
10 TED Talks to watch when every conceivable bad thing has just happened to you:  
@la_malaaa Every day on  
The story of 'Oumuamua, the first visitor from another star system:  
This TED Talk goes out to all the engineering nerds. 
Here's what you wish every boss knew when hiring.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  @JasonShen 
Think you know what makes a strong leader? You're probably wrong. 
Why bridges should be beautiful:  @i_firth 
TED is looking for 20 innovators from all backgrounds whose bold work is making our planet better. Sound like you? Dream bigger and apply to be a @TEDFellow today.  
“Autistic individuals have great potential, but we have to give them a chance. We need to create environments where they can thrive, where they can learn better ways to teach themselves. We need to help communities understand.” 
Thousands of years ago, ancient Nubians drew pictures on tomb walls of a terrible disease that turns the eyelids inside out and causes blindness. Now we could eliminate trachoma for good. 
Dream bigger. Apply to be a @TEDFellow.  
The symbols of systemic racism — and how to take away their power:  @blackcellist 
Busy public places can be overwhelming for children with autism. Here’s how one kid’s parents are trying to help:  
This 75-year-old study shows what leads to a happy life: 
We may be able to eliminate one of the world's oldest diseases — forever.  @Sightsavers @CarolineAHarper 
"Almost everyone wants more from work than just a paycheck." 
Have you ever walked into a room and forgotten why you're there? Here's why: 
"Growing even some of our own food is one of the best things that we can do for the environment." 
3 ways to recover from rejection: 
These are the 25 most popular TED Talks of all time. 
The more our mind wanders, the less happy we can be. 
"We make very poor use of our talents. Many people go through their lives with no real sense of their talents." 
"Next time you're about to throw out an appliance, don't. Take it apart with your kid." 
Ever wish modern cities had more beauty and character? This is how we could make that happen:  @vishaannyc
12 TED Talks that will restore your faith in humanity: 
What you learn when you stare into the eyes of a stranger: 
Camels have been lying to us this entire time. 
One of our greatest works of art was not always so beloved. 
"Human beings are works in progress that mistakenly think they're finished." 
"I wouldn't wish this gift for you. I'm not sure you'd want it. But I wouldn't change my experience." 
The price of being single: 
How do artists make a living? An ongoing, almost impossible quest: 
3 ways to hack your love life...with math! 
This is what happens inside your body when you laugh: 
This is how our bodies betray us in a lie: 
Afraid of public speaking? Start here: 
What it's like to be the child of immigrants: 
A million new species could await us in the ocean’s depths. 
What concrete steps should we take to ensure that AI ends up being the best — rather than worst — thing to ever happen to humanity? 
In her heartbreakingly funny essay, "You May Want to Marry My Husband," a writer gave her husband permission to move on after her death. This is his story. 
Brilliant advice for anyone in a serious relationship: 
This is how to build your life around joy: 
"There are millions of these videos available online in all of these kind of insane combinations. And the more time you start to spend with them, the crazier you start to feel that you might be." @jamesbridle 
The thrilling future of brain research: 
"Autoplay takes you to some strange places. This is how, within a dozen steps, you can go from a cute video of a counting train to masturbating Mickey Mouse." @jamesbridle 
Want to motivate people to work harder? This is how to do it: 
"What you have is software pulling in all of these different influences to automatically generate kids' worst nightmares." @jamesbridle 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself: 
"If you take one thing away from this, it's that if you have small children, keep them the hell away from YouTube." @jamesbridle 
“There’s no winning in silence. If we allow white supremacist ideology to spread without being challenged, people continue to replicate it." @deray 
What made your life beautiful this week? 
The nightmare videos of childrens' YouTube — and what's wrong with the internet today:  @jamesbridle 
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
@TheSineadBurke  
"Stress, worry, anger all decrease with age." 
Crows can crack nuts, hold grudges and... use vending machines? 
7 deadly sins of speaking that you should avoid: 
Why you should love gross science:  @Anna_Rothschild 
Emotional intelligence isn't a personality trait. It's a skill. 
Why we owe it to ourselves to spend quiet time alone every day: 
Ever worry that your kid is a jerk? Here's how to encourage empathy and kindness: 
@alvineaurelio  
.@Netflix is producing $8 billion worth of original shows and films in 2018. What makes the company tick?  @reedhastings
How @Netflix changed entertainment — and where it's headed:  @reedhastings 
There are real costs to not taking a vacation. 
How to get the most out of meetings — and not waste your time. 
5 TED Talks to watch before you get married: 
AI can help us predict new waves of migration — so the world can plan ahead for a refugee crisis before it happens. #WorldRefugeeDay 
"Sooner or later, I think we all wonder: Is this all there is?" 
"Crying, frightened, unable to understand what's happening to him, he was right on the verge of developing a new trauma." @essamdaod #WorldRefugeeDay 
"We can't guarantee that everybody will live a long and healthy life. But we can make it possible for most."

Watch Atul Gawande's classic TED Talk on how we can heal medicine: 
Don’t let your inner nitpicker win. 
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself: 
Find your inner alpha with the advice of these chimpanzees: 
"If we recognize the power of becoming technological empaths, we get this opportunity where technology can help us bridge the emotional and cognitive divide." @PoppyCrum 
If you think democracy is broken, here's an idea from @BSHennig: Let's replace politicians with randomly selected people. Learn why in Brett's TED Talk: 

And then head over to Reddit to ask him anything! 
7 TED Talks to watch when you need to relax:  
What if we replaced politicians with randomly selected people? 

TED speaker @BSHennig is doing a @reddit AMA right now to talk about "sortition democracy." Ask him your questions here: 
What's your favorite dish in your culture? 
Want to be a better leader? These chimpanzee alpha males know how to manage power: 
@carlyhoogs TED Talk by a real dog? No. TED Talk by a robot dog? You betcha.  
The clues to detect a lie can be subtle and counterintuitive: 
New “empathetic technology” could mean the end of your poker face:  @poppycrum
Being an alpha male is actually pretty terrible. 
Learn about 4,000,000,000 years of evolution in 6 minutes:  @PREAUX_FISH
"Someone who is big and strong and intimidates and insults everyone is not necessarily an alpha male." 
How to take jaw-dropping wedding photos:  
The surprising science of alpha males:  
Why you should embrace your culinary roots: 
"Talk to trans people. Listen to us. Amplify our voices." 
How cooking can bring families — and the world — together:  @gaston_acurio 
7 smart ways that businesses can support refugees: 
This doctor helps transgender teens block the effects of puberty as they discover their gender identity: 
Refugees need all the help they can get. Here are 7 ways that businesses can support them: 
How to exercise when it’s the last thing you want to do: 
What I've learned about parenting as a stay-at-home dad:  @BeleafMel
“A father locked in should not be locked out of his daughter's life.” #FathersDay 
A beatboxing lesson from a father-daughter duo:  @RealNicoleParis #FathersDay
10 TED Talks that celebrate dads:  #FathersDay 
A father-daughter bond, one photo at a time:  #FathersDay
Listen to some of these great jams for your cat: 
Learn about 4,000,000,000 years of evolution in 6 minutes:  @PREAUX_FISH
"We're not the goal of evolution. Think of us all as young leaves on this ancient and gigantic tree of life, connected by invisible branches not just to each other, but to our extinct relatives and our evolutionary ancestors." @PREAUX_FISH  
"My acts of pride weren't most alive in the global cities I traipsed through, but in the villages where I speak the languages and play the games and feel most at home." @kkolkes #PrideMonth 
The secret ingredient that makes some teams better than others: 
How a single word can change your conversation: 
Why teenagers act the way they do: 
Why you see the world the way you do: 
A shark-deterrent wetsuit (and it's not what you think): 
These great books offer a blueprint for bold leadership: 
Watch this when you feel like your life is a mess: 
What we'll learn about your brain in the next century:  @SGRodriques 
"I never once thought of myself as a battered wife. Instead, I was a very strong woman in love with a deeply troubled man." 
@colbertlateshow @edhelms  
Four billion years of evolution in six minutes:  @PREAUX_FISH 
Simple ways to raise kids who are creative, confident, and in control of the world around them: 
Why domestic violence victims don't leave: 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
These soft robots imitate the weird, flexible movements of octopus arms. Watch them in action:  
5 signs that math education is failing: 
The inside story of an elite school in North Korea: 
How I'm bringing queer pride to my rural village:  @kkolkes 
“Perception is subjective. What we think we see is filtered through our own mind’s eye.” 
@Gibbbbyy We'll just have to learn to be friends with our robot overlords, Jacob. 
@ictussunshine We'll have to agree to disagree! 
The soft robots are coming — and they're adorable.  
What making music does to your brain: 
How to raise successful kids — without over-parenting.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  @DeanJulie 
“If you don’t design your life, someone else will design it for you." 
Seriously, use your vacation days. 
Forget about rigid, metal robots. These soft robots are inspired by octopus arms:  
Put a sticker on your webcam. Right now. Do it. 
Which career should you pursue? Should you break up — or get married? Here's how to find out. 
Want to motivate people to work harder? This is how to do it: 
"I don't have goals; I have fantasies. They're exactly like goals but without the hard work." 
"I would like to make a bold proposal: that half our waking minds be designated and saved for quiet reflection." 
Why you should plan a daily mental vacation: 
When it comes to artificial intelligence, we don't have the luxury of learning from our mistakes. @tegmark 
How to be one of those people who lives in the moment:  
Learn how to live in the present: 
How to get empowered, not overpowered, by AI:  @tegmark 
The thrilling future of brain research: 
"I'm anxious because..."

What would you write? 
What we'll learn about your brain in the next century:  
Why you should plan a daily mental vacation: 
7 TED Talks to watch when you need to relax:  
Are you setting the right goals? 
I was a prisoner in North Korea. This is my story. 
In her heartbreakingly funny Modern Love essay, "You May Want to Marry My Husband," Amy Krouse Rosenthal gave her husband Jason public permission to move on after her death.

This is his story:  @akrfoundation
How my wife prepared me for life after her death:  @akrfoundation 
This is what it's like to go undercover in North Korea:  
This new art installation wants to know why you're anxious — or hopeful:  via @TEDFellow 
@shedd_aquarium @MontereyAq @GeorgiaAquarium @TNAquarium @BrianDReilly We heard she got a standing ovation. 
This photographer built the world's slowest, lightest aircraft with a backpack motor. Watch him run and take off: 
"Tech is just the latest vehicle for very rich people to use well-tested techniques of buying political influence, monopolistic behavior and avoiding regulation." @JamieJBartlett 
The real danger that Facebook, Google and other tech monopolies pose to our society: @JamieJBartlett  
Why the secret to success is setting the right goals:  @johndoerr 
"We are scratching the surface in our ability as humans to communicate and invent together, and while the sciences teach us how to build things, it's the humanities that teach us what to build and why to build them." @ericberridge 
What happens when a black man crashes a white supremacist retreat:  @RichBenjaminUSA
"When you aren't viewed as real people, it's a lot easier to run over your rights." @zhaabowekwe 
"Everywhere I go, I see people who are broke but not broken." @miabirdsong 
Are we addicted to economic growth at the expense of stability? @KateRaworth 
"I would like to make a bold proposal: that half our waking minds be designated and saved for quiet reflection." 
Why we owe it to ourselves to spend quiet time alone every day: 
If you have ever suffered from depression, or known someone who has, this is a must watch: 
So... what exactly is fascism? 
87% of US citizens can be identified by just three facts: their zip code, their date of birth, and their gender. @madhumita29 
The clues to detect a lie can be subtle and counterintuitive: 
This MIT researcher thinks humans will have wings and be able to fly by the end of this century. 
"If we ever thought that we could build an internet insulated from the dark side of humanity, we were wrong." @yasmind 
What if we replaced politicians with randomly selected people? 
Our annual summer reading list is here! 

88 books recommended by TED speakers to read right now: 
It pays off to become friends with your co-workers. 
Fascinating perspectives on the LGBTQ experience, from Kenya to Australia:  #PrideMonth
It only takes 15 minutes. 
8 TED Talks about the US criminal justice system: 
7 TED Talks about how to support the arts: 
Do you criticize yourself constantly? Here’s how to stop. 
4 simple exercises to strengthen your attention and reduce distraction:  
"It's actually not tech-savviness that is the reason why ISIS wins hearts and minds. It's their insight into the prejudices, the vulnerabilities, the desires of the people they're trying to reach that does that." @yasmind 
Here’s how you can connect with friends who may be depressed. 
How to start a conversation about suicide: 
"Depression doesn’t diminish a person’s desire to connect with other people, just their ability." 
The discoveries awaiting us in the ocean's twilight zone:  #WorldOceansDay 
"Being honest about how we feel doesn't make us weak — it makes us human." 
Looking to lose yourself in a great book this summer? We've got you covered. 
4 TED Talks to end the silence around suicide: 
Learn how to live your truth. 
Watch the events of 1968 come to vibrant life on your phone in weekly episodes of this new documentary series. 
A teen scientist's invention to help wounds heal:  
"Bad guys are good at exploiting the internet, not because they're some kind of technological geniuses, but because they understand what makes people tick." @yasmind 
Learn how to see yourself the way others see you, as essentially good and worthy. 
Inside the fight against Russia's fake news empire:  @olga_yurkova 
Fake news is not bad journalism; it's a deliberate act of misinformation. @olga_yurkova 
5 TED Talks to watch before you get married: 
"Online abuse has been this perverse art of figuring out what makes people angry, what makes people afraid, what makes people insecure, and then pushing those pressure points until they're silenced." @yasmind 
"Algorithms don't make things fair. They repeat our past practices, our patterns. They automate the status quo." 
The struggle is real. 
Want a productive office? Hire givers, not takers. @AdamMGrant 
"A core part of addiction is about not being able to bear to be present in your life." @johannhari101 
Learn how to make work satisfying again. 
Let's turn the high seas into the world's largest nature reserve:  @Enric_Sala 
"When online harassment goes unchecked, free speech is stifled." @yasmind 
3 tips for dealing with loneliness: 
"If we ever thought that we could build an internet insulated from the dark side of humanity, we were wrong." @yasmind 
How technology can fight extremism and online harassment:  @yasmind 
"This is what it's like when the drug trade and use affects every aspect of life in the neighborhood." 
Don’t let your inner nitpicker win. 
This political system may sound absurd, but ask yourself: Would it be better? 
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
After witnessing overdoses at her library in Philadelphia, @chera_k learned how to administer naloxone. 
What if we replaced politicians with randomly selected people?  
This new podcast skewers the stigma of disability with satire:  @TEDFellow 
Our annual summer reading list is here! 

88 books recommended by TED speakers to read right now: 
6 TED Talks to watch when you're feeling lost: 
4 TED Talks to end the silence around suicide: 
"It is normal for kids to come into the library to tell me that someone is outside using, which typically means finding someone injecting on our front steps." 
This is why #PrideMonth matters.

Watch @Andrew_Solomon's full TED Talk here:  #Pride2018 
The critical role librarians play in the opioid crisis:  @chera_k 
"Our economy, our society, we're losing out because we're not raising our girls to be brave." @reshmasaujani 
Please, for the love of all that is good in this world, let the teens sleep. 
70 books to read when you’re looking for a completely different perspective on life: 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
Want to be a good friend? Erase this sentence from your vocabulary. 
You'll be surprised by how much your language shapes the way you think.

Watch @leraboroditsky's full TED Talk here:  
How to get the most out of meetings — and not waste your time. 
3 mathematically verified tips to improve your love life: 
"Joy is so important to your health." 

Why healthy behaviors won't stick unless there's some joy in them: 
"Truth can only emerge in the conflict of different points of view. It's not the possession of any one person." 
Why theater is essential to democracy:  
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
Cremation uses the natural gas equivalent of a 500-mile car trip. Here's a better option:  @TheGoodDeath
"By shifting our perspective, we can achieve a greater sense of purpose without changing what we’re doing." 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself: 
This could be the secret to a truly satisfying night's sleep. @DanGartenberg 
So here's a fun question: How does the mammalian erection work? 
There are real costs to not taking a vacation. 
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
"No matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal." @kaysarahsera 
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
A crash course in how to recognize deception: 
"Sooner or later, I think we all wonder: Is this all there is?" 
Well, this explains a lot. 
"If we married for love, what does it mean, now, to be married without love?" 
Short on time? These TED Talks are 3 minutes or less. 
Don't say we didn't warn you. 
Why death is necessary for a meaningful life: 
Try these fascinating experiments to see how your mind works:  
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
Because no one enjoys talking about the weather. 
If you've ever loved an addict, this talk is for you. 
“History is just a rehearsal of what’s happening now. There’s a new Cold War; Black Lives Matter is similar to the 1968 campaign for civil rights; and #MeToo is the new wave of feminist protest.” 
What LGBTQ life is like around the world:  #PrideMonth
"Gender has always been considered a fact, immutable, but we now know it's actually more fluid, complex and mysterious." @GeenaRocero #PrideMonth 
"There's always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. And there are always stories that restore it. If we live out loud, we can trounce the hatred, and expand everyone's lives." @Andrew_Solomon #PrideMonth 
"Being queer and trans is about creating new ways of existing. It's about loving people as they are, not as they're supposed to be." @TheMrMilan #PrideMonth 
How we can turn the cold of outer space into a renewable resource:  
Happy #PrideMonth, everyone! 
Here's why your body prefers to poop at home. 
6 TED Talks on how your brain constructs reality: 
What are you doing with your life?! 
Love yourself. 
Parenting lessons from the longest-running study on childhood: 
Made just for cats, cellist David Teie’s latest album was inspired by bird chirps, mother cats’ purrs, kittens’ suckling and classic meows. It even includes ultrasound frequencies that only cats can hear. 
How vultures can help solve crimes:  
Meet the "Queen of Sh*tty Robots," @SimoneGiertz. 
"It's time to pass the Equal Rights Amendment, so that our legal system can become a system of justice, and #MeToo can finally become 'no more.'" 
What teens ask about sex when their questions are anonymous: 
What gardening taught me about life:  @smoke000signals 
There's much more to life than being happy. Focus on meaning instead. 
Your attention span has been ruined. Here's who you can thank. 
How humans will become superheroes with cyborg technology: 
Should your driverless car kill you if it means saving five pedestrians?  
These are the factors in childhood that predict success later in life. 
This MIT researcher thinks humans will have wings and be able to fly by the end of this century. 
How we'll become cyborgs and extend human potential:  
"Our culture is obsessed with happiness, but seeking meaning is the more fulfilling path. Studies show that people who have meaning in life, they're more resilient, they do better in school and at work, and they even live longer." 
We should embrace death, not try to defeat it. 
Is it better to take one long vacation or a few short ones? Let's check the research. 
"I spent nine months wrestling with the reality that being called 'mama' or something like it didn't feel like me at all." 
"These things aren't joyful for just a few people; they're joyful for nearly everyone. They're universally joyful." 
This type of mining is deadly. Here’s why it must end: 
3 lessons about how to lead a long, fulfilling life: 
Why sprinkles, googly eyes, hot air balloons and bubbles bring all of us joy: 
A teen scientist's invention to help wounds heal:  
Why we don’t know more about human health in coal country: 
For transgender parents, choosing what their children should call them — mommy, daddy, papa, and so forth — is a complicated decision. 
"Purpose is less about what you want than about what you give." 
How to design a joyful life: 
This sculpture at the border of North and South Korea wants to start a conversation about peace. @TEDFellow  
This simple test can help kids hear better:  
No matter if you're single or taken, these TED Talks will get your heart beating. 
This multi-billion-dollar industry collects, packages, and sells detailed profiles of us based on our online and offline behaviors. 

So what does it know about you? 
87% of US citizens can be identified by just three facts: their zip code, their date of birth, and their gender. @madhumita29 
How accurately do you see the world? 4 ways to battle your assumptions: 
“The best way to watch a population is for them not to know when they are watched.” 
"I tell the guys, you need to find a comfortable place to open up and have a conversation, whether it's at the pub, it's going for a walk, it's after footy. Find that really comfortable place." @JezForbes 
“Why would Angry Birds want to have access to your GPS? To make money! Our observers don’t care if we are nobody, if we are unimportant.” 
This giant squid is as tall as a two-story house. The footage of it attacking the camera is incredible. 
The fastest-growing immigrant demographic in the United States will probably surprise you. 
"Stress, worry, anger all decrease with age." 
"A lie has no power whatsoever by its mere utterance. Its power emerges when someone else agrees to believe the lie." @Pamela_Meyer 
3 lessons about how to lead a long, fulfilling life: 
The clues to detect a lie can be subtle and counterintuitive: 
Whether you put on your cap and gown last week — or last century — these honest answers can give you some insight and guidance. 
"The people who have a strong sense of love and belonging believe they're worthy of love and belonging. That's it. They believe they're worthy." @BreneBrown 
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
"We can't practice compassion with other people if we can't treat ourselves kindly." @BreneBrown 
"In the future, we'll all be wearing exoskeletons. We're beginning the age in which machines attached to our bodies will make us stronger, faster, and more efficient." 
“You’re imperfect, and you’re wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging.” @BreneBrown 
"A human being can never be broken. Technology is broken. Technology is inadequate." 
Did you have a teacher who helped inspire your creativity? 
This teen's loss inspired him to develop a promising early detection test for pancreatic cancer: 
Tough guys need mental health help, too. 
"I think that while I hated being depressed and would hate to be depressed again, I've found a way to love my depression. I love it because it has forced me to find and cling to joy." @Andrew_Solomon 
Congratulations, Class of 2018! 
"The idea that we should not allow science to do its job because we're afraid, is really very deadening, and it's preventing millions of people from prospering." 
"If you don't want to be deceived, you have to know, what is it that you're hungry for?" @Pamela_Meyer 
“Each of the 50 African countries south of the Sahara reduced its child mortality faster than Sweden did. How can that not be counted as incredible progress?” 
"By trying to preserve our dead bodies, we deny death, poison the living and further harm the environment." 
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
We want to hear your biggest, wildest vision for how to tackle one of the world’s most pressing problems. Apply to @TheAudaciousPrj today. 
Poets are more likely to associate numbers with colors, and other strange facts about your brain: 
“Why would anyone be watching me? I’m nobody.” 

Here’s why you’re wrong. 
"How does a fascist decide what to teach kids in school? There is just one yardstick: you teach the kids whatever serves the interests of the nation. The truth doesn't matter at all." @harari_yuval 
Why comics belong in the classroom:  @geneluenyang 
"I started out with a dream to make a star in my garage, and I ended up meeting the president." 
"You're expected to be stoic. You're expected to be strong, robust, macho. You're expected to be tough physically and silent in the face of adversity." @JezForbes 
Crows can crack nuts, hold grudges and... use vending machines? 
"Fascism exploits our vanity. It makes us see ourselves as far more beautiful than we really are. This is the seduction." @harari_yuval 
How to start a conversation about suicide:  @JezForbes 
If Bill Nye, Jackson Pollock and Rube Goldberg ever created art together, this what it might have looked like:  
So... what exactly is fascism? 
25 bits of advice for new graduates on how to live a good life: 
When 33 miners were trapped half a mile underground in Chile, a team of experts — all strangers — came together to save them. 

This is how they worked together to do the impossible. 
These beautiful animations show how your cells work:  
How to turn a group of strangers into a team:  @AmyCEdmondson 
How pollution comes back to haunt us at the dinner table: 
"You don't think in depression that you've put on a gray veil and are seeing the world through the haze of a bad mood. You think that the veil has been taken away, the veil of happiness, and that now you're seeing truly." @Andrew_Solomon 
"I don't have goals; I have fantasies. They're exactly like goals but without the hard work." 
Beautiful animations that take you inside a living cell:  
"You couldn't have a worse relationship with reality than I did. From the get-go, I wasn't even attracted to reality. If they'd had Tinder when I met reality, I would have swiped left and the whole thing would have been over." 
"The schizophrenic mind is not split, but shattered." 

A powerful, personal story of living with schizophrenia: 
"How do you defeat death without killing off life?" 
Expert tips to make you a better public speaker: 
Learn how to make stress your friend.

Watch @kellymcgonigal's full TED Talk here:  
How I made friends with reality:  
"The humanity we all share is more important than the mental illness we may not." 
Want others to listen to you? 4 things you need to do: 
7 deadly sins of speaking that you should avoid: 
How to speak with empathy, and more useful tips: 
"Complaining is viral misery." @JulianTreasure 
The shocking danger of mountaintop removal — and why it must end:  
Model @CameronCRussell gives real, honest answers to the questions people always ask her: 
"Harvey Milk was once asked by a younger gay man what he could do to help the movement. Harvey Milk said, 'Go out and tell someone.' There's always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. And there are always stories that restore it." #HarveyMilkDay 
If you have ever suffered from depression, or known someone who has, this is a must watch: 
"In that moment, I knew that I was no longer the choreographer of my life."

A brain scientist describes her life-changing stroke: 
"People think of depression as being just sadness. It's much, much too much sadness, much too much grief at far too slight a cause." @Andrew_Solomon 
What it's like to be the child of immigrants:  @michaeljrain 
Happy graduation! Here are 4 tips for new grads on living a successful life: 
How much can brands learn about you on social media? Much more than you think. 
10 extremely weird facts about orgasms: 
Want to motivate people to work harder? This is how to do it: 
"On the morning of the hemorrhage, I could not walk, talk, read, write or recall any of my life. I essentially became an infant in a woman's body." @DrJBT 
The real secret to motivation has nothing to do with rewards: 
This is what it feels like to live with depression: 
This is what really motivates people to work harder: 
You know that machine at the eye doctor’s office that looks like a science-fiction insect robot mask? This $1 foldable eye-screening kit can replace that — and help prevent blindness in millions of children. @TEDFellow  
Which career should you pursue? Should you break up — or get married? Here's how to find out. 
"When you get rejected in life, when you are facing the next obstacle or next failure, consider the possibilities." 
If you want people to perform better, you reward them. Right? 

Well, maybe not. 
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original." @SirKenRobinson 
"Preparing for death is one of the most empowering things you can do. Thinking about death clarifies your life." @candychang 
"Local humanitarians are the beacons of light in the darkness of war." @CanDoAction 
A gut-wrenchingly honest look at living with depression: 
"Creativity is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status." @SirKenRobinson  
"The humanitarian system is failing the most vulnerable communities in their darkest hours." @CanDoAction 
Why our burial practices need an eco-friendly update: 
"Fascism is what happens when people try to ignore the complications and to make life too easy for themselves. Fascism denies all identities except the national identity and insists that I have obligations only towards my nation." @harari_yuval 
"Local humanitarians have the courage to dust themselves off from the wreckage and to start again, risking their lives to save others. And we can match their courage by helping those who are helping themselves." @CanDoAction 
"Nationalism tells me that my nation is unique, and that I have special obligations towards my nation. Fascism tells me that my nation is supreme, and that I have exclusive obligations towards it." @harari_yuval 
A brain scientist had a stroke — and studied herself while it happened. Here's what she learned: 
"How does a fascist decide what to teach kids in school? There is just one yardstick: you teach the kids whatever serves the interests of the nation. The truth doesn't matter at all." @harari_yuval 
How spiders weave their magnificent webs: 
Train yourself to recognize deception: 
"The greatest danger that now faces liberal democracy is that the revolution in information technology will make dictatorships more efficient than democracies." @harari_yuval 
Are you afraid of rejection? This challenge will help you get over it — for good. 
Are you your own toughest critic? Here's how to be kinder to yourself: 
"Fascism makes people see themselves as belonging to the most beautiful and most important thing in the world — the nation." @harari_yuval 
"Fascism exploits our vanity. It makes us see ourselves as far more beautiful than we really are. This is the seduction." @harari_yuval 
This is what it feels like to have a stroke: 
"Depression is so exhausting. It takes up so much of your time and energy, and silence about it really does make the depression worse." @Andrew_Solomon 
How Pakistani women are taking the internet back:  @nighatdad 
"Safe access to the internet is access to knowledge, and knowledge is freedom. When I fight for a woman's digital rights, I am fighting for equality." @nighatdad 
How Pakistani women are taking the internet back:  @nighatdad 
4 TED Talks that will change how you see the world: 
If you want people to perform better, you reward them. Right? 

Well, maybe not. 
Have you ever felt like you're talking, but nobody is listening? 
The age-old sharing economies of Africa — and why we should scale them. @RobertNeuwirth 
Can you trust someone to repay a loan? Look at their smartphone. 
Diversity makes work better — and more fun. @BricksonDiamond 
This is the most-watched TED Talk of all time: 
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." @Andrew_Solomon 
"You do not mess with something so fundamental, so precious, as science." @KirstyDuncanMP 
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." @BreneBrown 
"You do not mess with something so fundamental, so precious as science." @KirstyDuncanMP

Watch the full TED Talk about why scientists must be free to push boundaries:   #ScienceAroundMe 
Should we have mandated screen-free zones in certain public spaces? 
"When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet. I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything suddenly changed." 
Meet the local heroes rebuilding Syrian hospitals. @CanDoAction 
"Science is humanity's best effort at uncovering the truth about our world, about our very existence." @KirstyDuncanMP 
Scientists must be free to learn, to speak and to challenge:  #ScienceAroundMe @KirstyDuncanMP 
"I would like to make a bold proposal: that half our waking minds be designated and saved for quiet reflection." 
These 6 pioneering women helped create modern computers: 
Why we owe it to ourselves to spend quiet time alone every day: 
Meet Wanuri Kahiu, whose breakout new film Rafiki is the first Kenyan film to premiere at Cannes. 
The story of Gaza's first female "fixer," a person who guides journalists into chaotic war zones: 
“Wasting time” on mindless activities can actually help your brain thrive. 

What do you do during your downtime to recharge your creativity?
Learn more about being a productive time-waster in our new TED Book, In Praise of Wasting Time, by Alan Lightman:  
“Downtime is when we can ponder our past and imagine our future. ‘Wasting time’ is far from immoral uselessness. It may be the most important occupation of our minds,” says scientist and @TEDBooks author Alan Lightman.
Gertrude Stein took writing breaks to wander the countryside looking at cows. Gustav Mahler went on three-hour walks after lunch, stopping to jot down ideas in his notebook. Federico Fellini would wake up at 6am to walk about the house, open windows, and move books around.
Taking time to mediate allows you to follow your thoughts in an unhurried way and weave a narrative of who you are and what you believe in. It’s worth taking time to distance yourself from the rush of the world.
Simply letting your mind wander and embracing free-floating thoughts lights up different parts of your brain and could inspire creativity.
Does planning every second of your day make you less creative? 

Scientist and @TEDBooks author Alan Lightman makes the case for doing nothing more often as a way to refresh your mind. Here’s why you should prioritize some downtime.
By not giving ourselves the minutes — or hours — free of devices and distractions, we risk losing our ability to know who we are and what’s important to us. 
"Local humanitarians have the courage to persist, to dust themselves off from the wreckage and to start again, risking their lives to save others." @CanDoAction 
The doctors, nurses and aid workers rebuilding Syria. @CanDoAction 
"Women, I encourage you to acknowledge your fury. Give it language. Share it in safe places of identification and in safe ways. Your fury is not something to be afraid of. It holds lifetimes of wisdom." @TraceeEllisRoss 
Imagine if your phone wasn't a massive time suck. @tristanharris 
Beautiful advice to help you build a strong relationship: 
Ever worry that your kid is a jerk? Here's how to encourage empathy and kindness: 
Are we addicted to economic growth at the expense of stability? @KateRaworth 
@theshubhamworld @KateRaworth Right here!  👍
"It's time to choose a higher ambition, because humanity's 21st century challenge is clear: to meet the needs of all people within the means of this extraordinary, unique, living planet so that we and the rest of nature can thrive." @KateRaworth 
How to raise a kind child: 
A healthy economy should be designed to thrive, not grow. @KateRaworth 
How the U.S. fails new mothers: 
6 adorable kids ask their moms about life and love:  #MothersDay 
Where does skin color come from? Here's how melanin works:  via @TED_ED
These homemade Mother's Day cards are adorable... and digital: 
Be a better friend to yourself. 
Mothers definitely have a favorite child. Here's who usually wins: 
88% of working mothers in the United States will not get one minute of paid leave after they have a baby. 
8 TED Talks by fierce moms:  #MothersDay 
23% of new working mothers in the United States will be back on the job within two weeks of giving birth. 
How a single word can change your conversation: 
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
A new lie-detection technology that could reveal our hidden emotions: 
Try something new for 30 days: 
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed:  via @TED_ED
How to know if your dog really loves you: 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
8 TED Talks about how to listen to your body: 
This designer and @TEDFellow uses fashion to celebrate African culture. His pieces were even featured in #BlackPanther.

Watch Walé Oyéjidé's full TED Talk here:  @IkireJones 
Why our bodies become aroused when our minds aren't:  @emilynagoski
The truth about unwanted arousal:  @emilynagoski 
Mothers definitely have favorite children. Here's which sibling usually wins: 
The surprising effects that parental favoritism have on us: 
How can companies support survivors of sexual assault and harassment in the workplace? Learn how to build a courageous institution on #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant:  
"No matter how many times or versions of 'mom' I tried, it always felt forced and uncomfortable. When I played around with 'daddy,' it felt better. It felt like a pair of shoes that you really liked but you needed to wear and break in." 
What motivates us to break through silence and speak up about injustice? Listen to @AdamMGrant's conversation about #MeToo with @AshleyJudd, @RonanFarrow and @TaranaBurke:  #WorkLife 
These bizarre cavefish can teach us a lot about our planet:   
What it's like to be a transgender dad:  
"I felt kicked in the stomach, as though my life were some psychologist’s perverse experiment: Let’s see how far we can take a person down, and then how far we can raise her up, and then let’s see what happens!" @clemantine1 
"I’d fantasized about this moment so many times. In Malawi, I used to write my name in dust on trucks, hoping my mother would see my loopy cursive and realize that I was alive." @clemantine1 
"We rise and stand with cities all over this country just like us who are handed, through no fault of their own, criminal conditions in which to live, and then they get labeled savages for how they live. We stand with them." @Erricka 
"Not one person or one organization should call a cease-fire. The whole city had to own it and do it together." @Erricka 
"The air feels different in Baltimore. Nobody's mother got that phone call last night. I didn't hear any gunshots." @Erricka 
"Being absolutely true to yourself is freedom." 
.@SimoneGiertz makes totally useless robots for simple tasks like brushing her teeth and chopping vegetables.

At #TED2018, the "Queen of Sh*tty Robots" introduced two new creations: 
6 TED Talks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
Why you should make useless things:  @SimoneGiertz 
"Pain is the most complex human experience." @latifnasser 
The price of being single: 
Don't let stage fright keep you quiet. Here's how to wow a crowd: 
"Solitude is where you find yourself so you can reach out to other people and form real attachments." @STurkle 
A playful solution to the housing crisis:  @placetechno @sarahsideas 
"We are designing technology that will give us the illusion of companionship without the demands of friendship." @STurkle 
The story we tell about poverty isn't true:  @miabirdsong
Christiane Amanpour on how to seek truth in the era of fake news:  @camanpour
I hadn’t seen my parents for 12 years — until we were reunited on Oprah:  @clemantine1 
“Heart is what drives us and determines our fate.” @isabelallende 
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original."

Watch @SirKenRobinson's classic TED Talk about how schools can nurture creativity:  #TeacherAppreciationDay 
How Baltimore called a ceasefire:  @Erricka 
"We stand today on the threshold of the post-antibiotic era, when simple infections will kill people once again." 
"Everywhere I go, I see people who are broke but not broken." @miabirdsong 
"I'm not scared of being vulnerable; I don't see it as a weakness anymore." @isabelallende 
Replace the brain cells you fried sitting too close to the TV because you didn't listen to your mother: 
"Every human being needs to listen consciously in order to live fully." @juliantreasure 
The education about race that none of us are getting:  @princetonchoose
These teenagers are on a mission to equip every American with the tools to understand and improve a world structured by racial division. @princetonchoose 
9 TED Talks from inspiring teachers:  #TeacherAppreciationWeek
What it takes to be racially literate:  @princetonchoose 
Over 3,350 athletes have signed up to donate their brains to CTE and concussion research after they die. Here's why:  @ChrisNowinski1 @ConcussionLF
6 people who prove that anyone can change the world: 
How a male contraceptive pill could work: 
Stop telling yourself that you're "fine." Here's how to go after what you want:  @melrobbins
"The push for STEM-based education in this country is fierce. It's in all of our faces. And this is a colossal mistake." @ericberridge 
“These strangers showed me true love. These strangers showed me that I mattered, that my dreams mattered.” @chrisategeka @TEDFellow 
For those of us who readily sacrifice sleep for just one more page... 
This is the age when kids start to lie: 
This is why your voice sounds so terrible on recordings. 
"The worse these companies behave and the richer they become, the more they spend on looking cool and talking about fairness and community. This cannot be a coincidence." @JamieJBartlett 
"The lynching memorial’s sheer scale, the magnitude of human suffering that it represents, and the resulting experience of journeying through it are almost beyond words. I literally feel like a witness to the thousands of lynchings." @johncary 
Over 2,500 athletes have signed up to donate their brains to CTE and concussion research after they die. Here's why:  @ChrisNowinski1 @ConcussionLF
The real danger that Facebook, Google and other tech monopolies pose to our society: @JamieJBartlett  
9 TED Talks about our robot-dominated future: 
"Rather than intellectualizing the terror of lynchings as has been done over the decades, the memorial physicalizes it." @johncary 
Would you be more likely to finish your math homework for $10?  @mathspace
Learn what radar has revealed about the melting ice in Antarctica:  @RadioGlaciology
"A functioning democracy requires that the public be well-educated and well-informed. Instead of research happening behind paywalls and bureaucracy, wouldn't it be better if it was unfolding right in front of us?" @EMS0930 
3 reasons why trust breaks down — and how to fix it: 
What happens when the robots take our jobs?  
"Tech is just the latest vehicle for very rich people to use well-tested techniques of buying political influence, monopolistic behavior and avoiding regulation." @JamieJBartlett 
Happy #StarWarsDay, nerds. 
Why you don't like the sound of your own voice:  
Defibrillators can drastically increase your chance of survival during cardiac arrest — almost like a tauntaun on Hoth. #MayThe4thBeWithYou 
The National Memorial to Peace &amp; Justice in Montgomery, Alabama is a powerful monument to racial violence.  @johncary 
Blending traditional Yoruba culture with sharp modern songwriting, electro-soul duo @IbeyiOfficial play a transportive set: 
How to build (and rebuild) trust:  
He was a neo-Nazi recruiter. Now @cpicciolini helps people leave extremist groups. 
Something strange and deadly is happening inside the brains of top athletes.  @ChrisNowinski1 @ConcussionLF
"When you aren't viewed as real people, it's a lot easier to run over your rights." @zhaabowekwe 
You'll be surprised by how much your language shapes your perspective.  @leraboroditsky
"25 years ago, I wrote racist music that found its way to the internet decades later and partially inspired a young white nationalist to walk into a sacred Charleston, South Carolina, church and senselessly massacre nine innocent people." @cpicciolini 
This football player turned neuroscientist is studying the deadliest disease in sports:  @ChrisNowinski1 @ConcussionLF
How language shapes the way we think:  @leraboroditsky
"Once we call someone 'other,' 'less than,' 'one of them' or 'better than,' believe me... under the right condition, it's a short path to more destruction." @clemantine1 
¡Lanzamos de podcast de TED en Español!

Listen now to our first TED podcast in Spanish, available now on @ApplePodcasts, and follow @TEDenEspanol for more Spanish-language TED Talks. 
To design better tech, understand context:  @tania_douglas 
"Communities don’t emerge magically from a womb; they are built." @RichBenjaminUSA 
"Hatred is born of ignorance. Fear is its father, and isolation is its mother." @cpicciolini 
"Tuning out opposing viewpoints doesn't make them go away, because millions of people agree with them. In order to understand the potential of society to progress forward, we need to understand the counter forces." @ZacharyRWood 
How work kept me going during my cancer treatment: 
"Structural racism is baked into America’s national psyche and behavior."  @RichBenjaminUSA
6 people who prove that anyone can change the world: 
"I love working for @elonmusk... Without him saying anything, he drives you to do your best work. He doesn't have to say a word. You just want to do great work." — @SpaceX COO Gwynne Shotwell 
"It's worth the discomfort, it's worth listening. We're stronger, not weaker, because of it." @ZacharyRWood 
"It's time to pass the Equal Rights Amendment, so that our legal system can become a system of justice, and #MeToo can finally become no more.'" @LauraLDunnEsq 
Inside @SpaceX's plan to fly you across the globe in 30 minutes: 
It's time for the law to protect victims of gender violence:  @LauraLDunnEsq 
What happens when a black man crashes a white supremacist retreat:  @RichBenjaminUSA
Allergies acting up? Blame it on your microbes: 
Better contraceptive options for men are on the way. This is the science: 
How a male contraceptive pill could work:  
What happens when a black man visits the whitest towns in the US? @RichBenjaminUSA shares his funny, raw stories: 
Stop telling yourself that you're "fine." Here's how to go after what you want:  @melrobbins
You'll be surprised by how much your language shapes your perspective.  @leraboroditsky
"The humanities give us the context of our world. They teach us how to think critically. They are purposely unstructured." @ericberridge 
"We shouldn't value the sciences any more than we value the humanities." @ericberridge 
"We are scratching the surface in our ability as humans to communicate and invent together, and while the sciences teach us how to build things, it's the humanities that teach us what to build and why to build them." @ericberridge 
"The push for STEM-based education in this country is fierce. It's in all of our faces. And this is a colossal mistake." @ericberridge 
Why tech desperately needs the humanities:  @ericberridge 
"Nobody has a claim on the world 'normal.' We are all different. We are all quirky and unique, and that is what makes us wonderfully human." @marianaatencio 
What "privilege" really means  — and how to talk about it:  @Luvvie
“Some of the most important voices before and during the American Revolution were anonymous pamphleteers who were writing under pseudonyms, talking about the crimes of the British government.” 

Why freedom of the press is more important than ever: 
“We understand the press will make the lives of our leaders a little bit harder, but that is as intended.” @trevortimm 
"Women, I encourage you to acknowledge your fury. Give it language. Share it in safe places of identification and in safe ways. Your fury is not something to be afraid of. It holds lifetimes of wisdom." @TraceeEllisRoss 
Learn the difference between old power and new power: 
10 TED Talks to watch when you're thinking about starting your own business:  #SmallBusinessWeek
"Women have been trained to think that we are overreacting or that we're being too sensitive or unreasonable. We swallow the furious feelings. That fury sits deep inside as we practice our smiles." @TraceeEllisRoss 
"We will never have a perfect world, and it would be dangerous to seek one. But there's no limit to the betterments we can attain if we continue to apply knowledge to enhance human flourishing." @sapinker 
How to support employees with cancer who want to keep working: 
A cellular biologist animates the life cycle of HIV in this hypnotic video:  
The United States locks up more people than any other country in the world. Here are their stories. @Eve_Abrams 
These grandmothers are trained in talk therapy and have treated over 30,000 people who don't have access to a psychiatrist. @DixonChibanda 
The human stories behind mass incarceration:  @Eve_Abrams 
“These strangers showed me true love. These strangers showed me that I mattered, that my dreams mattered.” @chrisategeka @TEDFellow 
Capitalism isn't an ideology. It's an economic system that needs to adapt to change. @bhu_srinivasan 
As a new physician, Soka Moses took one of the toughest jobs in the world at the height of Liberia's Ebola outbreak. 
These 6 pioneering women helped create modern computers: 
"Films can serve as a conveyor belt for hope. And film can change perspectives faster than we can build roads." @AfricaMET 
We’re nominating the giant clam for king of the ocean.  
"We must continue to tell our own stories and show our own images, with honesty and primarily to an African audience." @AfricaMET 
How protest is redefining democracy around the world:  @Ras_Karya 
The honest reasons why people write mean comments online:  @dylanmarron 
How companies can create a culture of fairness:  @snam
Useful lessons — and hilarious home videos — every parent will appreciate:  @BeleafMel
"What is the meaning of the right to life when our life is clouded by stigma?" 

This is what it's like to be an Ebola survivor: 
"Viewing democracy as only elections is no longer adequate and threatens democracy itself." @Ras_Karya 
The complex social lives of trees:  #ArborDay
Why you should take up record digging as your new 2018 hobby: 
Are you stuck in your comfort zone? This week on the @TEDRadioHour, learn how to be brave and continue to grow. 
"Empathy is not endorsement. Empathizing with someone you profoundly disagree with does not compromise your own deeply held beliefs and endorse theirs. It just means acknowledging the humanity of someone who was raised to think differently." @dylanmarron 
@dylanmarron ❄️❄️❄️ 😘
Why I interview people who leave me mean comments:  @dylanmarron 
Need a new idea? Start at the edge of what is known:  
How to build a fair workplace:  @snam
How to support employees with cancer who want to keep working: 
What I've learned about parenting as a stay-at-home dad:  @BeleafMel 
How do magic tricks work? By exploiting the gaps in our awareness. @davidkwong 
Calling all social entrepreneurs and nonprofit leaders! Apply for the #AudaciousProject:  @TheAudaciousPrj 
Technology makes it harder than ever to disconnect, but it might be easier than you think. 

Learn how to set boundaries at the office in this episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, now on @ApplePodcasts:  
This may be the secret to building your emotional intelligence. @DrTiffWattSmith 
How work kept me going during my cancer treatment:  
Drug-resistant bacteria killed nearly 700,000 people last year. By 2050, that number could be 10 million. But physics can help: 
These 8 simple inventions completely changed the world. 
"Women have been trained to think that we are overreacting or that we're being too sensitive or unreasonable. We swallow the furious feelings. That fury sits deep inside as we practice our smiles." @TraceeEllisRoss 
A new weapon in the fight against superbugs:  
This photographer built the world's slowest, lightest aircraft with a backpack motor. Watch him run and take off: 
Video games may teach us more about a child's cognitive learning than a standardized test can. @saradewitt @PBSKIDS 
"Women, I encourage you to acknowledge your fury. Give it language. Share it in safe places of identification and in safe ways. Your fury is not something to be afraid of. It holds lifetimes of wisdom." @TraceeEllisRoss 
"The global collection of women's experiences can no longer be ignored. #TimesUp on thinking that we're overreacting or 'This is just the way it is.' #TimesUp on women being held responsible for men's bad behavior." @TraceeEllisRoss 
"When someone helps themselves to a woman, it not only triggers discomfort and distress, but the unspoken experiences of our mothers' lives, sisters' lives and generations of women before us." @TraceeEllisRoss 
A woman's fury holds lifetimes of wisdom:  @TraceeEllisRoss 
“A person who feels that they’ve been heard will relax, let their guard down." 
"Our nation will begin to heal from over a century of silence." @MASSDesignLab

A new memorial in Montgomery remembers the 4,000 African Americans lynched in the American South. Learn about its design from one of its architects:  
"When you aren't viewed as real people, it's a lot easier to run over your rights." @zhaabowekwe 
"In the mid-1980s, polio once paralyzed more than 350,000 children a year in more than 125 countries. By contrast, so far this year, the last endemic countries have reported a total of only 12 cases." @mindadentler #VaccinesWork #EndPolio 
"Once we call someone 'other,' 'less than,' 'one of them' or 'better than,' believe me... under the right condition, it's a short path to more destruction." @clemantine1 
"The chaos of the violence continues inside in the words we use and the stories we create every single day. But also on the labels that we impose on ourselves and each other." @clemantine1 
Visions of Africa's future, from African filmmakers:  @AfricaMET 
How we can help hungry kids, one text at a time:  @SuKahumbu 
How fashion helps us express who we are — and what we stand for:  
How Humans of New York finds such moving, personal stories:  @humansofny
The most Martian place on Earth:  @ArmandoAzuaB 
"Our online data is more than just a collection of 1s and 0s. It's our lives, our hopes and aspirations." 
Imagine never knowing when and where you might black out. For people with epilepsy, this possibility is a daily concern. 
"It's worth the discomfort, it's worth listening. We're stronger, not weaker, because of it." @ZacharyRWood 
Imagine if your phone wasn't a massive time suck. @tristanharris 
For these women, reading is an act of daring:  #WorldBookDay 
This is what makes @SpaceX so successful: 
"I love working for @elonmusk... Without him saying anything, he drives you to do your best work. He doesn't have to say a word. You just want to do great work." — @SpaceX COO Gwynne Shotwell 
70 books to read when you’re looking for a completely different perspective on life:  #WorldBookDay
The books that students are required to read in 28 countries around the world:  #WorldBookDay 
Here's @SpaceX's plan to fly you across the globe in 30 minutes:  
Skyscrapers — but no sewage system. Meet a city run by private industry:  
Giant clams weigh as much as three baby elephants! 
How the arts help homeless youth heal and build:  @heyChopArt
The Standing Rock resistance and our fight for indigenous rights:  @zhaabowekwe 
4 predictions about the future of cars:  
A biologist has created artificial cells that can “talk” to natural cells — but are they really alive? 
This man has one goal: to make you love birds. 
"The gray areas are where you find the complexity, the humanity, and the truth." 
How the arts can give homeless kids a space to be themselves:  @heyChopArt
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
Are you smarter than a pigeon?  
How language shapes the way we think:  @leraboroditsky
In honor of #EarthDay, our favorite talks about protecting our planet: 
The microbes on your skin are almost as unique as your fingerprints. Here's what they say about you: 
You'll be surprised by how much your language shapes your perspective.  @leraboroditsky
This device could change the lives of people with epilepsy for good:  
Would you pay for Facebook if it meant having full control of your data? 
"We cannot have a society in which, if two people wish to communicate, the only way that can happen is if it's financed by a third person who wishes to manipulate them." 
What it feels like to see Earth from space:  @DOverview #EarthDay 
These gorgeous photos will change the way you see our planet:  @DOverview 
This low-weight, flexible film can turn the energy of the sun into electricity. 
What if you could get WiFi and school tuition in exchange for your plastic trash?  
These 9 paintings have a trippy secret:  
"Why some drugs are legal and others aren't has almost nothing to do with safety and everything to do with who uses them." 
Answer these questions, then draw. 
Why you should see the world through your eyes, not your screen: 
Your kidneys have a sense of smell! Here's how it works: 
This is what stars sound like:  
"Making drugs illegal does nothing to stop people from using them." @DrMtyndall 
3 lessons to help you find greater fulfillment in life: 
"Tuning out opposing viewpoints doesn't make them go away, because millions of people agree with them. In order to understand the potential of society to progress forward, we need to understand the counterforces." @ZacharyRWood 
Drug addiction shouldn't be a law enforcement issue — and there's a proven alternative:  @DrMtyndall 
Why it's worth listening to people you disagree with:  @ZacharyRWood 
6 TED Talks to help us remember those we've lost:  
"There are two most powerful days in your life: the day you're born, and the day you discover why." 
"Show your kids that you value who they are as people." 
Here's why you should ask someone "What is 25 times 25?" during a job interview: 
This beautiful, papercut poetry is good for your soul:  
Want to be more creative? Go for a walk. 
"There is no greater joy than working together." 
You don't need to be self-employeed to be satisfied with your work — but it might help.  
"Our challenge is to find the compassion for others that we want them to have for us." 
The best data visualizations you've ever seen:   @MonaChalabi 
The choices we make when we fall in love: 
8 TED Talks to help you do better research:  
Want a more productive team? Stop measuring productivity: 
It's time for Music History 101. 
11 TED Talks by people with jobs you never knew existed:  
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." 
The most mysterious star in the universe:  
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
Do you prefer your own company? You're not alone. 
Put your bot-sniffing skills to the test. 
How AI can enhance your memory, work and social life:  
10 TED Talks with the secrets to understanding life: 
Life is short. Take some selfies. Keep a journal. 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
How trees talk to each other:  
"Sometimes shifting your perspective is more powerful than being smart."  @astroteller
Be a better friend to yourself: 
The psychology behind the adult coloring book craze:  
Learn how to praise the ones you love without comparing them to other people: 
“A terrible first draft is the secret of life." @annelamott 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
How to speak up at work — without infuriating your coworkers: 
"Algorithms don't make things fair. They repeat our past practices, our patterns. They automate the status quo." 
The surprising differences between introverts and extroverts: 
Watch your eyes play tricks on you in "Illusions for a better society," an original short film by @dufslam and #1stAveMachine, created exclusively for #TED2018. 
Watch original short film "It's Not Amazing Enough," created by @DuncanCowles for #TED2018.

Because everyone panics sometimes. 
Want to be mesmerized? Watch "Chromatic," an original short film by @Mr_Grif and @echolab, created exclusively for #TED2018. 
What the longest study on childhood tells us about parenting: 
Order up a double shot of brain fuel: 
What would an A.I. talk about in therapy? This original short film, "A.I. Therapy," was created by @motherlondon for #TED2018. 
How great leaders inspire action:  @simonsinek
"The world is going to need all of the different kinds of minds to work together." - @DrTempleGrandin 
The simple truth about good parenting: 
Want to achieve your goals? Pick up these 4 habits: 
The mysterious workings of the adolescent brain: 
Are you terrible at small talk? This radio host has some advice: 
Here's how your psychology really affects your aging. 
Which is more powerful, emotion or reason? 
Ask yourself this question every time you pick up your phone: 
How a team of chefs fed Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria:   @chefjoseandres #ChefsForPuertoRico 
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who argue with you. 
This will be the largest non-governmental decarceration program in United States history.

Watch Robin Steinberg's full TED Talk here:  #TED2018 #AudaciousProject @bailproject 
Thank you so much to all of our incredible speakers for making #TED2018 truly amazing. 
That's a wrap for #TED2018! We can't wait to share the talks with you online... coming soon! 
"People working in more colorful offices are actually more alert, more confident and friendlier than those working in drab spaces." @ingridfetell #TED2018 
"Adults who exhibit genuine joy are often dismissed as childish, too feminine, unserious, or self-indulgent, so we hold ourselves back from joy." @ingridfetell  #TED2018
"Optimists rely on hope alone, and they risk being defeated and demoralized. Realists, on the other hand, accept the brutal facts and keep hope alive as well. Realists manage to resolve the tension between acceptance and hope by running them in parallel." @markpollock #TED2018
It's our shared spaces, the places that we recognize as communal — public walkways, parks, gardens, infrastructure — that create our sense of unity and shared memory, says @hdhooddesign. #TED2018
"When we rate quality, that's our aspirational self. To please people, it works much better to look at the actual choices they make, their revealed preferences." @Netflix's @reedhastings  #TED2018
"We want people to speak the truth. We say, to disagree silently is disloyal. It's not okay to let some decision go through without saying your piece." @reedhastings on @Netflix's successful work culture #TED2018
Who gains the most from the rapid explosion of China's internet? The economically disadvantaged, left out of China's 30 year economic boom, suddenly gaining access to education, new business opportunities and connection online. @garyliu #TED2018
"Truly transformational teams combine their ambitions to their passion and their purpose, and they develop a clear and compelling sense of why." @johndoerr #TED2018
"Truth can only emerge in the conflict of different points of view. It's not the possession of any one person. If you believe in democracy, you have to believe that." Oskar Eustis on how democracy and theater were born together in Athens #TED2018
Breaking news! #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch with @iamsrk has been renewed for three more seasons. #TED2018 
"Never provide poor solutions to poor people. They are smart." @chetnavsinha founded the first microfinance bank by and for rural women in India. Today, the bank serves more than 100,000 women and has $20M of capital. #TED2018
"When teaching human beings to communicate with other human beings, it should be delivered by a human being." @MizladiThePoet #TED2018
“I know there will be many times where I'll wish she and I could make decisions together. May I be so audacious as to suggest that you have these conversations now, when healthy. Please don’t wait.” Jason Rosenthal, on the death of his wife, Amy Krouse Rosenthal #TED2018
"Today, my identity quest is no longer to find my tribe; it’s more about embracing all of the possible permutations of myself. It’s about cultivating diversity within me, not just around me." @rebecahwang #TED2018
"All the anxiety you currently feel every time you go online about being tracked is about to move into your living room, or your bedroom." @kashhill on why smart devices should be designed with our privacy in mind #TED2018
"Maybe the most important skill for an artist is empathy. You need craft and you need creativity, but then you need to step back and look at what you've done from the perspective of the reader." @abstractsunday #TED2018 
At #TED2018, futurist Ray Kurzweil has just formally announced a new way to query the text inside books using something called semantic search — a search on ideas and concepts, rather than specific words. 
Wonderful thread by @romanmars, one of our #TED2018 workshop hosts, on how to tell great stories through an audio podcast. 
"The goal is to keep this biological body going until we have a means to back ourselves up." — Ray Kurzweil on how he's approaching aging #TED2018
"We're going to have more and more powerful technology to keep our physical bodies going. We'll think, 'Wow, back in 2018, people only had one body, and they couldn't back up their mind file.'" — Ray Kurzweil #TED2018
"In the early 2030s, we'll have universal basic income in the developed world, and worldwide by the end of the 2030s. You'll be able to live very well on that. The primary concern will be meaning and purpose." — Ray Kurzweil #TED2018
"Jailing people because they don't have enough money to pay bail is one of the most unfair, immoral things we do as a society." @bailproject #TED2018 #AudaciousProject 
Hugh Herr and his team at MIT have made it possible to reconnect the body's nervous system to prosthetic limbs, allowing people to feel the prosthetics as part of their own body -- essentially creating the first cyborgs. #TED2018
"During the twilight years of this century, I believe humans will be unrecognizable from what they are today. Humans will take flight and soar." Hugh Herr on the future of synthetic limbs (and perhaps even wings) integrated into our nervous systems. #TED2018
@indyfromspace Us all week at #TED2018. 
Scientists have created a "biological teleporter," called the Digital-to-Biological Converter. Like a fax machine, it receives biological materials (like DNA or viruses) and prints them. Soon it could beam new medicines and vaccines around the world. Dan Gibson #TED2018
Scientists have created the first semi-synthetic organisms, built with six genetic letters in their DNA as opposed to four. @RomesbergLab #TED2018
This is a tumor in a piece of chicken, made visible by red light. We can now use lasers and infrared technology to see through bone, flesh and muscle to discover tumors and other health issues — without invasive procedures. @mljmljmlj #TED2018 
How do you rebuild trust when it's been broken? There are three pillars to trust: that you’re authentic; you’re empathetic; and you have a logical plan, says Uber's former SVP of leadership and strategy Frances Frei. #TED2018
"Empathy is not endorsement. Empathizing with someone you profoundly disagree with does not compromise your own deeply held beliefs and endorse theirs. It just means acknowledging the humanity of someone who was raised to think very differently." @dylanmarron #TED2018
"I think fear is complex and personal. I really think it has to do with curiosity and not taking yourself so seriously. We might need to get a little hurt, just not too hurt." @dark1run #TED2018
"I look at death now in the perspective of the gift economy. You’re given this enormous gift of life, you enrich it as best you can, and then you give it back." — Emily Levine #TED2018
"If they'd had Tinder when I met reality, I would have swiped left, and the whole thing would have been over. We don't have the same values, the same goals. I don't have goals; I have fantasies. Exactly like goals, but without the hard work." — Emily Levine #TED2018
"When people use technology to exploit others, they’re preying on our fears and our vulnerabilities. If we ever thought we could build an internet insulated from the dark side of humanity, we were wrong." @yasmind #TED2018
"When online harassment goes unchecked, free speech is stifled. We're losing spaces online to meet and exchange ideas. Where online spaces remain, we descend into echo chambers with people who think just like us. That facilitates the spread of disinformation." @yasmind #TED2018
"The bad guys are good at exploiting the internet, not because they're some kind of technological geniuses, but because they understand what makes people tick." @yasmind #TED2018
"It's actually not tech savviness that lets ISIS win hearts and minds. It's their insight into people's vulnerabilities, their prejudices, their desires." @yasmind #TED2018
"Instead of toddlers being the first person to see this stuff, you're going to have underpaid contract workers w/out proper health insurance being damaged by this as well." @jamesbridle on why YouTube and Facebook depending on human moderators isn't a perfect solution #TED2018
Children's worst fears are being turned into YouTube content to court YouTube's algorithm and ad revenue, a kind of automated nightmare production, says @jamesbridle. #TED2018
"It's basically fake news for kids, and we're training them from birth to click on the very first link that comes along, regardless of what the source is." @jamesbridle on how impossible it is to identify who creates children's content on YouTube #TED2018
Would you pay for Facebook if it meant having full control of your data? #TED2018 
"Free solo climbing plays out in the mind. Staying calm and performing at your best, when you know that any mistake could mean death, requires a certain kind of mindset." @AlexHonnold on climbing El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without a rope #TED2018 
“Information on your health, your actions, your lifestyle, your routines are all there, accessible in a fingerprint. Molecules are the storytellers of our secrets, in just a touch.” @SimonaFrancese #TED2018
Using gene editing technology, it’s now possible to create transplantable organs for humans that can be safely grown in pigs. This developing technology could put an end to organ shortages. @eGenesisBio #TED2018
This is The Shard in London, the tallest building in the U.K. at 309.7 meters high. The crystal facets of the building are inclined to reflect the ever-changing London sky. @RPBWARCHITECTS #TED2018 
"Architecture doesn’t just answer to need and necessity, but also to desires, dreams, aspirations." @RPBWARCHITECTS #TED2018
"What's more serious than the loss of jobs is the lost of meaning. The work ethic in the industrial era has brainwashed us into thinking that work is reason we exist." @kaifulee on how AI will force us to rethink our priorities #TED2018
On this week's episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, learn how you can be your own boss while working for someone else.  
@elonmusk @audphin @i_firth Missing you at #TED2018 this year, Elon! 
We all feel overwhelmed at work sometimes — so how can we take a step back and get centered when we're struggling? Listen to #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, now on @ApplePodcasts:  
"We cannot have a society in which, if two people wish to communicate, the only way that can happen is if it's financed by a third person who wishes to manipulate them."

Watch Jaron Lanier's TED Talk on how we can fix the Internet, fresh from #TED2018:  
Humans have escaped the bounds of natural selection, making us an “outbreak” species. Are we really special enough to be the rare species that doesn’t collapse? We need to use our shared knowledge to prep for our long-term survival, says @CharlesCMann #TED2018
The worst effects of climate change may not be felt for centuries. So how should we think about it now?  
Bottom trawling is the most destructive practice in the world. The nets of the largest fishing boats are so big that they could hold a dozen 747 airplanes. @Enric_Sala #TED2018 
You may soon find airplane options in your ride-sharing apps as flight becomes quieter, more agile and more affordable. Would you skip the traffic in this @VahanaAero? #TED2018 @RodinLyasoff 
Air pollution across China is falling. In major cities, air pollution has decreased by around 30%, and Chinese citizens are living an average of almost 2.5 years longer. @ecoangelhsu #TED2018
China is #1 in the world in the creation of hydropower, solar power and wind power. As the world looks for leadership on climate change, China is stepping forward. @ecoangelhsu #TED2018
How we need to remake the internet:  #TED2018 
"One of the most alarming things about climate change is that, the warmer our planet gets, the more we are going to need cooling systems – systems that are themselves large emitters of greenhouse gas emissions." @aaraman #TED2018
"Problems that affect future generations are often hugely neglected because future people don’t have a vote. It’s not like there’s a lobby representing the interests of those born in 2300 AD. They don’t get to impact the decisions we make today." @willmacaskill #TED2018
“Space is vast, identifying a signal is hard, and we haven’t been looking that long. Without doubt, we should be spending more on the search. It’s about identifying our place in the universe." @stephenswebb on why we should search for aliens #TED2018
The mass production of our cities and apartment buildings is not just an aesthetic issue, but a failure of imagination with global consequences, says @VishaanNYC. #TED2018
"This visitor from afar has brought home the point that our solar system isn't isolated. We’re part of a larger environment." Karen J. Meech on ʻOumuamua, the first interstellar object to fly through our solar system. #TED2018
On October 19, 2017, NASA detected a foreign object tumbling through our solar system. Its extreme brightness indicated it was roughly half a mile long and very narrow, but scientists can’t explain its origin. Karen J. Meech #TED2018 

Rendering Credit: ESO/M. Kornmesser 
"A linear writer needs to deal with time and space. As an interactive writer, I need to deal with time, space and possibilities. I have to manage massive tree structures where each branch is a variation of the story." @Quantic_Dream game maker David Cage #TED2018
"I think we have a duty to make our built environment beautiful. Anything else is a kind of grand scale vandalism." @i_firth #TED2018
"What if we redefined art's value not by its price tag, but by the emotional connection it creates between the artist and the audience, or the benefit it gives society, or the fulfillment it gives the artists themselves?" Nora Atkinson #TED2018
"This is the farthest thing from marketable art. It’s huge, it’s dangerous, it takes a dozen people to run and it doesn't go with the sofa. It’s beautifully crafted and completely useless." Nora Atkinson on "Charon" and the art of Burning Man #TED2018 
@FreeReyes @TheAudaciousPrj @TEDchris We're so sorry for the technical difficulties! We will be posting the session in full shortly on our Facebook Watch page: 
Three years ago, @OneAcreFund received a grant from @TheAudaciousPr as part of our pilot program. They used it to support small farmers and help end world hunger.

This is what happened. #AudaciousProject #TED2018 
"A child born into extreme poverty has a 1 in 10 chance of dying before age 5. Her mind and body have a 1 in 3 chance of being permanently stunted." @OneAcreFund aims to end hunger by empowering farmers to feed their families.   #AudaciousProject #TED2018 
Let’s change the way we change the world.

Learn more about @TheAudaciousPrj and how you can get involved from TED's Head Curator, @TEDChris. #TED2018 #AudaciousProject 
"Disease stops here. Trauma stops here. @GirlTrek is not a fitness organization. We are in the fight for our lives." @TheAudaciousPrj #TED2018 

Get involved here:  
"Our mission is simple: ask Black women to walk outside of their front door to establish a life-saving habit of walking. Today, all across America, more than 100,000 Black women are wearing this @GirlTrek shirt as they move through their communities." #AudaciousProject #TED2018
"The impact of stress and inequality on Black women is killing them at higher and faster rates than any other group in America." @GirlTrek #AudaciousProject #TED2018
The @EnvDefenseFund is going to launch a satellite that will gather data about methane pollution, then get that data to people who can make simple fixes that will change the course of global warming in our lifetimes. #AudaciousProject #TED2018

Learn more:  
Methane pollution's impact on the environment is 84x greater than carbon dioxide over a twenty-year period. But methane pollution receives less attention because it's invisible to the naked eye. @FredKrupp @EnvDefenseFund #AudaciousProject #TED2018
"The world is full of intractable problems, but this is one that we can solve." @CarolineAHarper of @Sightsavers has an audacious plan to end trachoma, one of the world's leading causes of preventable blindness. 

Learn more here:  #TED2018 
200 million people are at risk of going blind from trachoma, a preventable and incredibly painful disease. We know how to stop it. We just need the means to do it at scale. @CarolineAHarper #AudaciousProject #TED2018
"Life in the twilight zone is intertwined with Earth’s climate." We know these waters are vital, but we don't know why. @WHOI will launch a massive effort to explore these uncharted waters while we still can. #AudaciousProject #TED2018

Learn more here:  
"Below the sunlit surface waters, there’s an otherworldly realm known as the 'twilight zone.' At 200 to 1000 meters below the surface, sunlight is barely a glimmer. Flashes of bioluminescence give us a clue that these waters teem with life.” @WHOI #AudaciousProject #TED2018 
Over the next five years, the @bailproject will pay bail for 160,000 people across America. Their efforts will be one of the largest non-governmental decarcerations in American history.     

Get involved here:  #AudaciousProject #TED2018 
"When you’re held on bail, you are 4x more likely to get a jail sentence than if you had been free, and that sentence will be 3x longer." @bailproject #AudaciousProject #TED2018
"Bail was never intended to be used as punishment.
Bail was never intended to hold people in jail cells.
Bail was never intended to create a two-tier system of justice. 

But that is precisely what it has done."

@bailproject #AudaciousProject #TED2018
"On any given night, almost half a million people go to sleep in those jail cells who have not been convicted of anything. They cannot afford to pay the price of their freedom: bail." @bailproject #AudaciousProject #TED2018
"If our dreams don’t scare us, then they are not big enough." @rajpanjabi of @LastMileHealth aims to transform the way millions of people access health care around the world. 

Learn more about how @TheAudaciousPrj is helping to make that happen:  #TED2018 
6 million children die every year because they don't have access to healthcare. @LastMileHealth and @Living_Goods are training community health workers to give medical care — and save 34 million lives in the next four years. #AudaciousProject #TED2018
How can students and teachers learn from each other in the wake of the Parkland shooting?

We're live on Facebook now with Diane Wolk-Rogers and @Emma4Change! #TED2018  
Within a decade, @SpaceX plans to make rocket flights possible, so you'll be able to get from New York to Shanghai in an hour. Gwynne Shotwell #TED2018
"We're standing on the shoulders of giants. We got to look at the rocket industry and developments to date and pick the best ideas, leverage them." — Gwynne Shotwell on what makes @SpaceX successful #TED2018
This @Tokenize ring could replace all your passwords, credit cards and house keys to verify your identity securely and protect you from hackers. Would you trust it? @melshapiro #TED2018 
Instead of one big lens, this camera has 16 individual camera modules. It uses algorithms to fuse the images into a single, high quality photo. @TheLightCo #TED2018 
"My toothbrush helmet is recommended by zero out of 10 dentists, but it did completely change my life." @SimoneGiertz #TED2018 
Tonight, we're unveiling @TheAudaciousPrj winners, live at #TED2018! Hear their world-changing ideas, and help us dream big enough to make real change. 

Watch live at 5pm PDT:  
"Soft" robots inspired by the animal kingdom could make a huge difference in surgery, where being gentle and easily movable is critical. Giada Gerboni #TED2018 
Wireless signals bounce off of us constantly… which means our movements can be tracked, without any kind of device on our bodies. Dina Katabi #TED2018
If superintelligence arrives, who should be in control? @tegmark #TED2018
The real risk of artificial intelligence isn’t a malicious rebellion; it's competence. What if AI accomplishes goals that aren’t aligned with ours? @tegmark #TED2018
"With more powerful technology like nuclear weapons and artificial intelligence, learning from mistakes is a lousy strategy. It's much better to be proactive, plan ahead, and get things right the first time, because it may be the only time we get." @tegmark #TED2018
"Humanity’s 21st century challenge is clear: to meet the needs of all people within the means of this extraordinary, unique living planet so that we and the rest of nature can thrive." @KateRaworth #TED2018
Countries cannot have boundless economic growth in a world that has finite resources… but that doesn’t mean that humanity can’t thrive. @KateRaworth #TED2018
Why we need to move toward an economy that can regenerate itself:  @KateRaworth #TED2018 
Are we entering the era of the empath? New technology could use the movement of your pupils, your speech patterns, and even your breath to detect your emotions. @poppycrum #TED2018
@john_donoghue @cesifoti  
What if you could teach your political preferences to a computer and automate it to vote on your behalf? Would you trust it to represent your interests more than a politician? @cesifoti #TED2018
"The greatest danger that now faces liberal democracy is that the revolution of information technology will make dictatorships more efficient than democracies." @harari_yuval #TED2018
"What is fascism and how is it different than nationalism? Nationalism tells me that my nation is unique and I have a special obligation toward my nation. Fascism tells me that my nation is supreme and I have exclusive obligations toward it." @harari_yuval #TED2018
@SoulRebels @Ted Thank you so much for rocking the house for us!!
@joshua_cello Hey Joshua! So sorry about that — our IT Help Desk has a fix and can help you out if you have time to swing by!
The world is an amazing place. So why aren’t we happier?  @sapinker #TED2018 
"We will never have a perfect world, and it would be dangerous to seek one. But there is no limit to the betterments we can attain if we continue to apply knowledge to enhance human flourishing." @sapinker #TED2018
"Scientists must be free to challenge unconventional or controversial topics, free to challenge the thinking of the day and free to present uncomfortable or inconvenient truths, because that’s how scientists push boundaries." @KirstyDuncanMP #TED2018
"Science is humanity’s best effort to uncover truth about our world, about our very existence. Every new fact that is uncovered leads to the growing body of our collective knowledge." @KirstyDuncanMP #TED2018
How do you prefer to engage with people whose beliefs offend you? #TED2018
"Tuning out opposing viewpoints doesn't make them go away, because millions of people agree with them. In order to understand the potential of society to progress forward, we need to understand the counter forces." @ZacharyRWood #TED2018
"We cannot have a society in which, if two people wish to communicate, the only way that can happen is through a third person who wishes to manipulate them." Jaron Lanier on why Google and Facebook need to change their business model #TED2018
Would you pay to use Facebook if it meant you could protect and own your data? #TED2018
Tech companies had an idealistic vision of the Internet as free and accessible to everyone, despite no businesses operating that way. Jaron Lanier suggests that's how users themselves became the product of social media— and why we should consider paying for Facebook. #TED2018
"The interpretation of the Second Amendment and cultural attitudes about guns have changed over time — which gives me hope they could change again." - Parkland teacher Diane Wolk-Rogers #TED2018
"After the shooting, my students asked, 'Why can’t we stop this senseless violence?' This was the most difficult question I've been asked. I listened, and then I admitted, 'I don’t know.'" - Parkland teacher Diane Wolk-Rogers #TED2018
"Men, I call you in as allies as we work together towards change. May you be accountable and self-reflective, compassionate and open. May you ask how you can support a woman and be of service to change, and may you get help if you need it." @TraceeEllisRoss #TED2018
"Today this global collection of women’s experiences can no longer be ignored. #TimesUp on thinking that we’re overreacting or that it’s just the way it is. It is men's responsibility to change men's bad behavior." @TraceeEllisRoss #TED2018
"When someone thinks they can help themselves to your body, it not only ignites the current fury, but it lights up the past."  @TraceeEllisRoss #TED2018
"When someone helps themselves to a woman, it not only triggers discomfort and distress, but the unspoken experiences of our mothers, sisters, and generations of women before us: that's lifetimes of women dealing with men who assume they know better." @TraceeEllisRoss #TED2018
It's time for TED! #TED2018 
“Art and design, when applied to protest, can transform collective anger into collective healing.” - @sarahsandman on the power of protest #TED2018 
“It’s time for accountability to become the norm after sexual harassment and violence. It’s time to pass the Equal Rights Amendment so that our legal system can become a system of justice for survivors, and #MeToo can become #NoMore.” - @LauraLDunnEsq #TED2018
Child poverty is an epidemic in the United States, and it has serious effects on health. But doctors never ask about money. @Lucy_Marcil says they should. #TED2018
"The first animals to evolve backbones were fishes, so all vertebrates are technically fishes. You and I are technically fish." @preaux_fish teaches one of the largest evolutionary biology classes in the US #TED2018 
“Life doesn't evolve in a line, and it certainly doesn’t end with us.” @preaux_fish on misconceptions about evolution #TED2018
“Our project was a shock for many Russians who used to think that our country has always been an autocratic empire, and that the ideas of freedom and democracy could never have prevailed." - @zygaro #TED2018
What if Russians from the early 1900s had social media profiles today? @zygaro uses real diaries and letters to create imagined Twitter profiles that show a different view of Russian history:  #TED2018
“We can use medical breakthroughs that we use to treat humans to treat animals, and by doing that, we are able to save species and sound alarms for populations in danger.” - @Claire_Simeone #TED2018 
"The biggest force of white supremacy is not the KKK. It’s the normalization of systemic racism across all of our institutions. If we realize that it's sewn into the fabric of our country, we can do something to address and confront this legacy of slavery." @blackcellist #TED2018
There are 200 million cases of malaria in Africa every year, and half a million deaths. @FaithOsier studies people who get infected but don't get sick to figure out how we could finally make a good vaccine. #TED2018
“To predict epidemics, we don’t just need to know how many contacts people have; we need to where they travel, and where the infection might spread.” @AdamJKucharski has studied 30,000 people to predict the spread of disease and prevent outbreaks. #TED2018 
@MyVancouver Thank you for having us!
@KirstyDuncanMP Good luck tonight, Kirsty!
"The three seniors do not embrace the ideals of conventional love. They were invisible in public and shunned by their peers. They wanted to belong somewhere and only seemed to belong with each other." @IsadoraKosofsky photographed this trio of older lovers for four years #TED2018 
Air pollution causes 7 million premature deaths every year and costs the world economy 5 trillion dollars. This hand-held air quality tracker alerts you to poor air quality—no matter where you are. @rlacombe of @Plume_Labs #TED2018 
"Glaciers influence people just as much as people influence glaciers." Melting ice will transform our cultures and communities, says @Dr_M_Jackson_ #TED2018 
“25 million Americans skipped meals to provide power to their homes in 2015." We need to provide equal and reliable access to energy, says @DNewmanSalvador, founder of @RETISET #TED2018
“Before border controls can be tightened and revised visa requirements imposed, countries should engage in a more open discussion, especially with the migrants themselves.” - @yasikak #TED2018
“Many migrants no longer can afford the patience to wait for change at home. They leave, because the risk of staying is the same as leaving.” -@yasikak #TED2018
"Systems such as discrimination, racism, or even poverty were designed by people who made intentional choices around exclusion. If these forms of oppression are by design, then they can be redesigned for a world that embraces the dignity of all people." - @acarrolldesign #TED2018
“If it's too dramatic, too emotional, too click-bait, then it very likely isn't true. The truth is boring sometimes. Manipulations are always sexy; they are designed to captivate you.” @olga_yurkova on spotting fake news #TED2018
“Fake news is not only bad for journalism; it’s a threat for democracy and society.” @olga_yurkova, co-founder of @StopFakingNews #TED2018
“We must understand that human rights are at the foundation of security and focus more on how to protect all civilians from violence.” - @benedettabertiw on rethinking global security #TED2018
"We talk about security as a zero-sum game; as if the only way to become more secure is by compromising values and rights. Safety vs freedom. This is a false opposition." - @benedettabertiw  #TED2018
The majority of galaxies are spiral, but @bmutlupakdil discovered one that doesn't look like any we've found before: it has an outer ring and a diffuse, reddish inner ring. #TED2018 
“Preserving wilderness is far more than simply protecting ecosystems. Preserving wilderness protects our basic human right to be wild, our basic human right to explore.” @drsteveboyes #TED2018
"By 2020, wildlife populations across the globe are projected to fall by a staggering two-thirds. We are the 'Sixth Extinction' because we left no safe space for millions of other species to sustainably co-exist." @drsteveboyes #TED2018
Don't miss #TED2018! Watch our newest TED Talks live onstage, months before they go online: 
"Ideas are powerful. They can change attitudes and lives, and ultimately reshape the world."

We're delighted to be Apple's App of the Day! #TED2018  
"A woman business owner earns just 80 cents for every dollar a man earns." #EqualPayDay 
There are only 12 psychiatrists in Zimbabwe — for a population of more than 16 million. An army of grandmothers trained in talk therapy may help. @DixonChibanda 
"Screens have the power to prompt more real-life conversations between kids and their parents." @saradewitt @PBSKIDS 
This company pays kids to do their math homework:  @mathspace 
We're so thrilled to be back in Vancouver for #TED2018! @vanconventions 
"When you aren't viewed as real people, it's a lot easier to run over your rights." @zhaabowekwe 
"If the reader is important, they deserve beauty and fantasy as well."

The beautiful, hidden messages of type design:  @MartinaFlor
"Thinking about death clarifies your life." How one artist helps you do that:  
Not all entrepreneurs are twenty-something app developers. @paulietaz 
Why the progress bar is so freaking satisfying to watch:  
What it means to be there “till death do us part”:  @rocketgirlmd 
See how the rest of the world lives, organized by income:  @AnnaGapminder 
@melshapiro Welcome, Melanie! We're so excited to have you here!
Will you be eating computer-generated food in 50 years? 
Want to watch #TED2018, live from Vancouver? Buy a TEDLive pass and see our newest TED Talks months before they go online: 
The Standing Rock resistance and our fight for indigenous rights:  @zhaabowekwe 
The conversation about death you need to have soon: 
This scientist accidentally coded bias into her computer. Here's what she learned: 
Test yourself: How wise are you? 
8 TED Talks to help you do better research:  
How my dad's dementia changed my perception of death:  
"Sooner or later, I think we all wonder: Is this all there is?" @EmEsfahaniSmith 
Why you should search for meaning — not happiness:  @EmEsfahaniSmith 
"Your life isn't just a list of events. You can edit, interpret and retell your story." @EmEsfahaniSmith 
This could be the secret to a truly satisfying night's sleep. @DanGartenberg 
The complex social lives of trees: 
How diets affect your brain -- and why this healthy alternative may be more effective: 
Would you be more likely to finish your math homework for $10?  @mathspace
"We have no food, no medicine, electricity is failing, internet access is slowly disappearing and forgotten diseases are coming back." Via @TEDFellow 
We collected essential life advice from seniors. Here’s what they recommend:  @StoryCorps
What's the secret to working in customer service without burning out?

This week on #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, learn how to manage your emotions at the office:  
@shellymarshh Thank you for making us a part of your weekend!
“Why should people be only refugees when they can be so much more? Many Venezuelans are very hard working, talented, really well educated. They deserve a chance.” @TEDFellow 
"We need to work together to redefine the global vision of beauty. It starts with becoming your own role model." @theashleygraham 
"Real change starts first with community, with a radical sense of what it means to be a neighbor. It turned at least one abandoned house into a home." @drewphilp  
Whoa, the @TEDRadioHour is nominated for a #Webby! 

We would deeply appreciate your vote! You know what to do:  
How we doubt, blame and silence sexual assault survivors:  @iherco #SexualAssaultAwarenessMonth
"Writing teaches us awareness. It teaches us to pay attention, to savor the moment." @annelamott 
"I felt free once I realized I was never going to fit the narrow mold that society wanted me to fit in. I was never going to be perfect enough for an industry that defines perfection from the outside in. And that's okay." @theashleygraham 
You manage your own emotions at work—and your coworkers’ and customers’ emotions.

This week on #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, learn how to balance your emotions at the office without burning out, now on @ApplePodcasts:  
6 TED Talks to help us talk about sexual assault and harassment:  #SexualAssaultAwarenessMonth 
How I’m breaking the taboo against female drummers:  @kasiva_mutua 
These mathematical models could reveal cancer’s secrets:  @IrinaKareva2
Why thrift is the essential value businesses forget: 
17 unmissable books by this year's incredible speakers. Have you read them yet? #TED2018 
"Altruism enabled me to get to where I am today; generosity gave me the boost I needed." @TEDFellow 
More than 50 new Nasca Lines have been discovered in Peru, thanks to the 70,000 people who help search satellite images through @Global_Xplorer:  @indyfromspace 
"It’s not that I ignore when I’m feeling badly. I accept it, I let it in so that I can acknowledge it, and I do what I need to do to move past it." 
How to think like an optimist: 
In Kenya, there is a strong taboo against women playing the drums. This @TEDFellow is having none of it. @kasiva_mutua 
This gel can make you stop bleeding instantly. How it works is brilliant.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  @JLandolina @TEDFellow 
How I use the drum to tell my story:  @kasiva_mutua 
"Science fiction is one of the greatest and most effective forms of political writing." @Nnedi 
"Divorce is not the end of a family; it’s a reorganization." @EstherPerel 
How to succeed by staying true to yourself:  @pfpicardi @TEDx 
Thinking about quitting social media? This man has never had a social media account — and shares 3 reasons why you should join him: 
How to become a more hopeful person:  
"Even though I've never had a social media account, I'm okay! It turns out I still have friends. I still know what's going on in the world." 
Make 2018 the year you actually feel rested. 
Why you should look for meaning in your most challenging moments: 
10 TED Talks to help you break your writer's block: 
What’s really happening in your brain when you fall in love: 
@laura_boykin We're looking forward to reading your tweets, Laura!
10 TED Talks to inspire blocked writers: 
5 excuses we make when we don't want to work out — and how to get over them: 
Put your phone down. Your brain will thank you. 
8 ways to become a more resilient person:  @drmegjay 
Exploring options for solar geoengineering:   
Get to know the brilliant class of TED Fellows joining us at #TED2018 next week:  @TEDFellow 
10 TED Talks to inspire new fiction: 
“Resilience is not a trait. It’s not something you’re born with.” @drmegjay 
If you're creatively stuck, put your sneakers on. 
Stop stalking your ex on social media. Seriously, stop. 
"Solitude matters -- for some people it is the air that they breathe." 
“Devote yourself to love. Love yourself so much that you can love others without barriers and without judgment.” 
$250 million. 7 bold ideas to change the world.

Introducing @TheAudaciousPrj.  
To eliminate waste, we need to rediscover thrift:  
It's #NationalWalkingDay! Here's some inspiration to get up and move around:  
My $500 house in Detroit — and the neighbors who helped me rebuild it:    @drewphilp 
TED’s Instagram is nominated for a #Webby award! 

This Hawaiian Pom Pom Crab thinks you should go vote for us:  
What if we gave world-changing ideas as much funding as we give Silicon Valley startups? Introducing @TheAudaciousPrj, a new way to solve some of the world's biggest challenges: 
"Language is the most beautiful of human creations. It's the loveliest thing that our brains have invented." @ajitq 
Ready for a little hope? Introducing @TheAudaciousPrj, a new initiative from TED:  
"If you write something and it doesn’t work, it does not mean you are a morally inferior person." @annelamott 
"Only dead people never get stressed, never get broken hearts, never experience the disappointment that comes with failure. Tough emotions are part of our contract with life." @SusanDavid_PhD 
How diets affect your brain -- and why this healthy alternative may be more effective: 
It is extremely hard to report sexual assault on college campuses. This app can help. #SexualAssaultAwarenessMonth 
Essential skills for dealing with your real emotions:  @SusanDavid_PhD
This could be the secret to a truly satisfying night's sleep. @DanGartenberg 
Just get your heart broken? Don't idealize your ex. 
9 tips to take care of yourself in challenging times: 
The complex social lives of trees: 
40 trillion microbes live in your body. Here's how they impact your weight: 
14 tips to help you just sit down and write: 
Feeling beaten up? Here's how to become a more resilient person:  @drmegjay
How to build a marriage that withstands the test of time: 
How math can help uncover cancer's secrets:  @IrinaKareva2 
We entrust teachers with the world’s most important job: educating our kids. So why don't we pay them more? 
How I use Minecraft to help kids with autism:  @autismfather #WorldAutismAwarenessDay #AutismAcceptance 
Looking for a job? Here's why you should highlight your ability, not your experience. #MondayMotivation @JasonShen 
"Let’s move beyond shallow 'awareness' of autism to appreciate autistic people in the fullness of their humanity." #WorldAutismAwarenessDay #AutismAcceptance 
Too many teachers in the US are struggling to get by. Here’s what we can do to help: 
Can we teach AI to understand nostalgia and intuition? @rarar 
How we can teach computers to make sense of our emotions:  @rarar 
“People can’t just call themselves a compassionate city unless they’ve got a practical course of action.” In Louisville, Kentucky, they’re starting in schools. @GreatBigStory @louisvillemayor @TheCharter 
"Musicals provide an opportunity for us to get lost, but also to be found. They gives us that opportunity to breathe, and exhale — or get your breath taken away.” @CamilleABrown @TEDFellow 
The history of African-American social dance:  @CamilleABrown #BlackHistoryMonth 
So you think you're funny? These are the rules that make comedy great:  via @TED_ED
Our fight for disability rights — and why we're not done yet:   @judithheumann 
Meet the Nigerian designer weaving African textiles with Renaissance art—including some of Black Panther’s amazing looks:  @IkireJones 
"Disability is a family you can join at any point in your life. I'd like to see by a show of hands how many of you have ever broken a bone?" @judithheumann 
"Gender has always been considered a fact. We now know it's more fluid, complex and mysterious." #TransDayOfVisibility 
"There's so much potential that can be realized when we walk across the divide of faith and, hand in hand, try to solve many of our problems." @ndidiNwuneli 
The role of faith and belief in modern Africa:  @ndidiNwuneli 
A quick history of the Disability Rights Movement from one of its leaders:  @judithheumann
"Humanism is a way of thinking and living that emphasizes the agency of human beings. Humanism stresses the fact that we, human beings, are capable of changing the world." @LeoIgwe 
3 ways religion can be a force for social change in Africa:  @ndidiNwuneli
How we’re using quantum computing to make encryption better: 
A bold call to help you know your doctor:  #NationalDoctorsDay
The danger and promise of quantum computing for cybersecurity: 
We need a health care system, not a sick care system. 
For all of your Spring cleaning inspiration needs. 
Does your doctor prioritize your health or their payment? 
Spring has sprung, y'all. 
This brave doctor risked his life to treat Ebola patients:  #NationalDoctorsDay
My descent into America's neo-Nazi movement — and how I got out:  @cpicciolini 
A quick history of the Disability Rights Movement from one of its leaders:  @judithheumann
Our fight for disability rights — and why we're not done yet:   @judithheumann 
3 ways religion can be a force for social change in Africa:  @ndidiNwuneli
You might be surprised. Take this quiz to learn more about your true self. #WorkLife 
Does your doctor prioritize your health or their payment? 
QUIZ: Are you an extrovert, introvert or ambivert?  #WorkLife 
"The changes that we want cannot be achieved only by dreaming but require doing as well." @LeoIgwe 
Test yourself: How wise are you? 
"Human beings have the power to turn situations of poverty into those of wealth and prosperity. We have the capacity to alleviate suffering, extend life, prevent diseases and preserve our planet." @LeoIgwe 
Why I chose humanism over faith:  @LeoIgwe 
This is how you get lucky in love:  
If you’re looking to find the best, you’re never going to put in the time and effort to make what you have the best. 
If you want to be lucky in love, you may need to expand your view of what you think you want. 
“A lucky relationship is created, not discovered." 
The role of faith and belief in modern Africa:  @ndidiNwuneli 
This scientific breakthrough could protect crops ravaged by infections. @m_elghalid 
He was a neo-Nazi recruiter. Now @cpicciolini helps people leave extremist groups. 
Astronauts on the International Space Station live together for months. And yes, they get on each other's nerves.

Learn how @NASA astronauts handle conflict and build trust:  #WorkLife @AdamMGrant 
How we’re using quantum computing to make encryption better: 
"25 years ago, I wrote racist music that found its way to the internet decades later and partially inspired a young white nationalist to walk into a sacred Charleston, South Carolina, church and senselessly massacre nine innocent people." @cpicciolini 
"Hatred is born of ignorance. Fear is its father, and isolation is its mother." @cpicciolini 
The danger and promise of quantum computing for cybersecurity: 
As privacy concerns mount, the dark net looks more and more like the future of the Internet. @JamieJBartlett 
My descent into America's neo-Nazi movement — and how I got out:  @cpicciolini 
"A functioning democracy requires that the public be well-educated and well-informed. Instead of research happening behind paywalls and bureaucracy, wouldn't it be better if it was unfolding right in front of us?" @EMS0930 
In the US, your taxes fund academic research at public universities. But you need to pay expensive journals for the results. Here’s how we can fix this broken system:  @EMS0930
Astronauts on the International Space Station live together for months. And yes, they get on each other's nerves.

Learn how they handle conflict and build trust in this week's episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Academic research is publicly funded. Why aren't the results publicly available?  @EMS0930 
This is the best way to give feedback.

Learn how to love constructive criticism in #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant:  
100 years ago, archaeology was for the rich;

50 years ago, it was for men; 

Now, it’s for 90-year-old Doris Jones and her two kitty companions:  @GreatBigStory 
“Even at my age, I can continue to hunt for lost civilizations.” 

90-year-old Doris Jones is making a big contribution to science... without leaving home. @GreatBigStory 
"I remember the tension rising up between me and the interrogator when we talked about politics. But we were able to see each other as human beings when we talked about family, everyday life, the importance of the future for our children." 
Health care in the U.S. currently incentivizes doctors to perform unnecessary and costly procedures that you don't need. 
The instruction manual to create a human being:  @rikisabatini
The instruction manual to create a human being:  @rikisabatini
In search of a scientific definition of wisdom:  
Test yourself: How wise are you? 
How fungi infect plants:  @m_elghalid 
Is it possible to define and measure wisdom?  
Is it possible to define, measure, and even increase how wise you are? 
What Islam really says about women:  #MuslimWomensDay
9 TED Talks for theater geeks:  #WorldTheatreDay 
I’m an Iranian-American Muslim. Here’s how that works:  @NeginFarsad #MuslimWomensDay 
"Muslims aren't a tumor in the body of America. We're a vital organ." #MuslimWomensDay 
How quantum physics can make encryption stronger:  
Does your doctor prioritize your health or their payment? 
A striking way to look at human DNA:  @rikisabatini
"Outrage is a good way to get your attention, because we don't choose outrage. It happens to us." @tristanharris 
There's a lot to love about monster prime numbers: 
The story we tell about poverty isn't true:  @miabirdsong 
"The newsfeed control room is not accountable to us. It's only accountable to maximizing attention." @tristanharris 
4 reasons to get excited about math: 
"Everywhere I go, I see people who are broke but not broken." 
A handful of tech companies control billions of minds every day. Here's how:  @tristanharris 
"I read about North Korea provoking the US. I realize how easy it is to see them as an enemy again. But I have to keep reminding myself that when I was over there, I was able to see humanity over hatred in my enemy's eyes." 
"Algorithms don't make things fair. They repeat our past practices, our patterns. They automate the status quo." 
3 popular theories about why we sleep: 
"Mathematics allows us to go beyond the intuition and explore territories which do not fit within our grasp." 
10 TED Talks on how to take better care of your mental health:  
This is why some people are so obsessed with their Myers-Briggs personality type:   #WorkLife @AdamMGrant
Looking to make a big change? These talks will get you started. #MondayMotivation 
What if we paid doctors to keep people healthy?  
We need a health care system, not a sick care system. 
The best way to help is often just to listen:  @TheSilverLineUK 
.@callisto could revolutionize how we report sexual assault. Here's how it works:  @JessicaHLadd
The internet before the invention of the hyperlink was a dark place.  
"Most of Korea’s shamans are women — around 90%, 95% percent… Korean culture is quite patriarchal, and shamanism represents one place where women hold a position of power.” @TEDFellow 
"The shocking events that fill us with dread today can transform us, and they can transform the world for the better." @NaomiAKlein 
How we look kilometers below the Antarctic ice sheet:  @RadioGlaciology 
“A person who feels that they’ve been heard will relax, let their guard down." 
These jaw-dropping photos show what it's like to surf in the toughest conditions:  
"We cannot be beguiled by rational appearances. We've got to look underneath — we will find there the extremism." 
This brave doctor risked his life to treat Ebola patients. He has an important message about the struggles survivors now face. 
The radical beauty of Africa, in portraits:  
Why you should stop telling people that they're the "best":  @shawnachor
Why aren't you moving up at work? The career advice you probably didn’t get: 
"I don’t believe that slavery ended in 1865. Instead, it turned into decades of terrorism and violence." 
"99 percent of human qualities and abilities are simply redundant for the performance of most modern jobs." 
Early life experiences like stress and lack of food can change how our genes are expressed: 
Learn how to talk to anyone, anywhere: 
Looking for a job? Highlight your ability, not your experience.  @JasonShen 
“Change-making does not belong to one group of people; it belongs to all of us.” 
3 ways to stop overlooking the best person for the job:  @JasonShen
The technology we're developing now could change the world as we know it. 
"The absence of the ability to just get over it is depression." @ITSystemsMan 
The US would be a safer place if thousands of guns weren't sold every day without background checks.   
8 TED Talks to give you a confidence boost:  
"Every child deserves an education that guarantees the safety to learn in the comfort of one's own skin." 
Why gun violence must not be our new normal: 
"Enough of easy access to guns by the people that we all agree shouldn't have them." 
8 conversations about sex we should be having now: 
“Devote yourself to love. Love yourself so much that you can love others without barriers and without judgment.” 
"90% of Americans support expanding background checks to all gun sales -- including more than 80% of gun owners." 
Too many teachers in the US are struggling to get by. Here’s what we can do to help: 
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
"Find your peace within, hold it sacred, bring it with you everywhere you go. Peace cannot be shared or created with others if we cannot first generate it within." 
We entrust teachers with the world’s most important job: educating our kids. So why don't we pay them more? 
"Algorithms are opinions embedded in code." @mathbabedotorg 
Are protesting and marching too stimulating for you? You're not alone — and you can still contribute to your favorite causes.  @Craftivists
Let puppies teach you complexity theory:  #NationalPuppyDay 
6 TED Talks for dog lovers:  #NationalPuppyDay 
This online tool empowers survivors of campus sexual assaults — and catches repeat offenders:  @JessicaHLadd @Callisto
"Nobody invented dance. It is deep in the heart of every culture throughout history; dance is part of the pulse of humanity." @SirKenRobinson 
Why dance class is just as important as math class:  @SirKenRobinson 
"Word spread faster than the virus, and panic spread across the hospital. All the patients ran away. Then, all the nurses and doctors ran away." 
The United States locks up more people than any other country in the world. Here are their stories. @Eve_Abrams 
How much does your personality change over time?

This week on #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, learn what you might not know about your personality type — and how it shapes your career. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
This unlikely country has the world's most advanced e-government: 
What life is like for Ebola survivors: 
Why dance is just as important as math in school:  @SirKenRobinson 
"Should a disease that a person no longer has become the sum total of their identity, the identifier in their passport?" 
The human stories behind mass incarceration:  @Eve_Abrams 
What does it take to build a friendship that lasts forever? These TED speakers have great advice: 
QUIZ: How much do you really know about the pencil?  
Need a new idea? Start at the edge of what is known:  
As a new physician, Soka Moses took one of the toughest jobs in the world at the height of Liberia's Ebola outbreak. 
3 thoughtful ways to conserve water:  @MazahrehLana #WorldWaterDay 
7 TED Talks on humanity’s relationship with water:  #WorldWaterDay 
"In one evaluation, 95 percent of teachers said that, as a result of dancing together, students’ abilities to cooperate and collaborate improved." @SirKenRobinson 
This is why some people are so obsessed with their Myers-Briggs personality type:   #WorkLife @AdamMGrant @ApplePodcasts
How you can be an ally in the fight for racial justice, according to @deray:  #FightRacism 
What do you want to know about the psychology of work? Reply with your questions for a chance to be featured on an episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant and @Gladwell. 

(Example: Are extroverts or introverts more successful at work, and why?)
How to resolve racially stressful situations:  @Forward_Promise #FightRacism 
Which iconic pencil was the first choice of Vladimir Nabokov, John Steinbeck, Truman Capote and Stephen Sondheim? 
@JamieJBartlett Relatable tweet.
This is the data Facebook actually has on you. Spoiler alert: it's a lot more than you think. 

Watch @zeynep's full TED Talk here:  
"Spoken word poetry cracks open locks." — @kaysarahsera #WorldPoetryDay 
3 quick and clever poems about odd love:  #WorldPoetryDay
Happy #WorldPoetryDay! Here are some of our favorite poems from the TED stage: 
Your personality type is a lot more flexible than you think.

This week on #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, learn what you might not know about your personality — and how it shapes your career. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
7 TED Talks to watch when the weather outside is frightful:  #snowday
"What is the meaning of the right to life when our life is clouded by stigma?" 

This is what it's like to be an Ebola survivor: 
What we can do about the culture of hate:   @sallykohn 
Something strange and deadly is happening inside the brains of top athletes.  @ChrisNowinski1 @ConcussionLF
"We cannot create cities for everyone unless we're first willing to listen to everyone. Not just about what they hope to see built in the future but also about what has been lost or unfulfilled." @lizogbu 
This football player turned neuroscientist is studying the deadliest disease in sports:  @ChrisNowinski1 @ConcussionLF
A new rite of passage for later in life:  @synch101 
This simple tradition can help you reflect on your life so far. @synch101 
"For better or for worse, we are all a product of the culture around us. The good news is, we're also the ones who shape that culture, which means we can change it." @sallykohn 
"Share your truths. Listen to one another's truths. You will discover a more powerfully uniting truth in the middle ground." 
"Healing is about acknowledging pain and making peace with it." @lizogbu 
What if gentrification was about healing communities instead of displacing them? @lizogbu  
Millions of African-Americans left the South during Jim Crow. Here's how they changed history:  @Isabelwilkerson 
The arts contribute a massive amount to the economy. So why is it nearly impossible to make a living as an artist? 
Happy #firstdayofspring! 
The Great Migration and the power of a single decision:  @Isabelwilkerson 
Why @justinbaldoni is done trying to be "man enough":  #ManEnough 
What do you wonder about work? Reply with your questions for a chance to be featured on an episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant and @Gladwell. 

(Example: What do most people get wrong about networking?)
Addiction is a disease. We should treat it like one.  
"Will you be #ManEnough to stand up to other men when you hear 'locker room talk,' when you hear stories of sexual harassment?" @justinbaldoni #MeToo 
"I'm more comfortable coming out as a gay man than I am as a person with a history of addiction." 
If you've ever loved an addict, this talk is for you: 
"Listening to one another will not magically solve all problems. But it will give a chance to create avenues to start to work together to solve many of humanity's problems." 
Only 1 in 9 people in the United States gets the treatment they need for addiction and substance abuse. 
"It's time we recognize that we are not just part of the problem. Fellas, we are the problem. The glass ceiling exists because we put it there." @justinbaldoni #ManEnough 
How I use art to bridge misunderstanding:  
A new, human approach to treating addiction: 
@City_of_Anaheim @romanmars We're proud of you, Anaheim.
This is how coral reefs are born:  @CoralSci @TEDFellow 
A simple way to connect artists with the funding they need: 
How much weakness should you show at work? 
What do you want to know about interviewing for a job? Reply with your questions for a chance to be featured on an episode of #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant and @Gladwell. 

(Example: What can you ask in interviews to find out the culture of a workplace?)
The quest for truth on football, concussions and CTE:  @ChrisNowinski1 @ConcussionLF 
This is what it's like to work at a company where constant criticism is the norm — and people love it:  #WorkLife @AdamMGrant @ApplePodcasts 
"How can you not love mercy — kindness, compassion, forgiveness? It’s like not loving dessert, or cheese."   #TED2017
It is extremely hard to report sexual assault on college campuses. This app can help. 
These beautiful bamboo homes built by @elorahardy reinvent how we understand architecture: 
"Can you imagine the emptiness of knowing that you stood for nothing, that you risked nothing, that all you did was follow fearful people to where they were already going rather than trying to lead them to a better place?" @bobinglis 
An adorable father-daughter dance at Richmond City Jail:  
My failed mission to find God — and what I found instead:  @anjalikumar
"For better or for worse, we are all a product of the culture around us. The good news is, we're also the ones who shape that culture, which means we can change it." @sallykohn 
Millions of African-Americans left the South during Jim Crow. Here's how they changed history:  @Isabelwilkerson 
"If you're not willing to lose your seat in Congress, there's really very little reason to be there." @bobinglis 
Estonia's government is trying to invent the ideal information society... and figure out how to live well in cyberspace. 
Unexpected lessons on leadership from an adorable dance party: 
This Minecraft server is one of the best places on the internet.  @autismfather
"Nature could only seem this pure and adorable because we didn't have to be afraid of it anymore." 
"What kind of person likes working more than being at home? Me." @shondarhimes 
The arts contribute a massive amount to the economy. So why is it nearly impossible to make a living as an artist? 
"If you don't see the struggle that is unique to my human experience because I am gay, you don't see me." 
Watch what happens when you hook a Venus flytrap up to an EKG:  @phineasgreg 
"Dealing with other people demands a kind of flexibility that no set of rules can encompass." 
What kind of maniac asks for a "burger refill"? This guy: 
99 percent of rapists get away with it. That doesn't have to be the case. 
6 reasons why it's so important to make your neighborhood beautiful:  
Only 6% of sexual assaults reported to the police end with the assailant spending a single day in prison. 
Estonia is planning a national test for digital competency, including the correct use of netiquette. 
From 2000 to 2010, 5.7 million manufacturing jobs were lost. But they weren't lost for the reasons you might think. 
“Innovation is not just a matter of luck. It’s possible to have a strategy of innovation.” 
This talk is a lovely reminder to be kind to yourself: 
A charming story of an Arctic seal that fell in love with a photographer:  
"We are neither designed nor destined as human beings to hate, but rather taught to hate by the world around us." @sallykohn 
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
The surprisingly charming science of your gut:  
As if you needed another reason to delete Tinder. 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
When to take a stand... and when to let it go: 
Take a day trip to Antarctica with these 7 TED Talks: 
Emotion and logic aren't incompatible. Here's why science needs both:  
Singer-songwriter @guita_rei brought her mix of indie rock and blues to the TED:  
What we can do about the culture of hate:   @sallykohn 
Erotic wisdom that can help you have a better sex life:  @HOLAAfrica
@Delacroix_Chris Aww, shucks. 😊
@SarcastiKnitter Perhaps it's not for everyone 😉
In conclusion, you should go back to bed. Science says so. #WorldSleepDay 
"The way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep." — @ariannahuff #WorldSleepDay 
How would we naturally sleep if we had no artificial light at all? Turns out we would go to bed around 8:00 p.m. until midnight and then sleep from about 2:00 a.m. until sunrise. #WorldSleepDay 
Deep sleep has a ton of benefits for your brain. Sleep scientist @DanGartenberg shares how to get more regenerative rest:  #WorldSleepDay
You're 30 times more likely to laugh if you're with somebody else than if you're alone. 
This DIY kit lets you move someone else's arm...with your brain: 
A simple way to connect artists with the funding they need: 
"Our moral integrity is our responsibility, and we must be prepared to defend it, even if it's not convenient." 
Learn how to control someone else's arm with your brain in this unbelievable—and creepy—demo: 
Forget the “struggling artist.” Here’s why we should fund the arts:  
"Joy is an act of moral resistance. How are you protecting your joy each day?" @valariekaur #ReclaimLove 
Everything you think you know about virginity is nonsense. @under_livet 
Everything you think you know about the hymen is nonsense. 
This unlikely country has the world's most advanced e-government: 
Will you be eating computer-generated food in 50 years? 
This is what makes your skin waterproof: 
@CoachSBreckley @CoxElem @NorthwestISD @NISDAthletics Love it!! Thank you for sharing, Stacie. 😊
The Great Migration and the power of a single decision:  @Isabelwilkerson 
"Students shouldn't be viewed as empty buckets to be filled with facts but as co-creators of knowledge." @AlvinIrby 
"A prison is the worst building type we could have created to address the harm that we're doing to one another." @deannavanburen 
"The ultimate goal is a complete theory of the universe, and we are making good progress." — Stephen Hawking

Watch Stephen's full TED Talk here:  
Barbershop Books creates child-friendly reading spaces in barber shops. Its mission is simple: to help young black boys identify as readers. @AlvinIrby 
"According to the US Department of Education, more than 85 percent of black male fourth graders are not proficient in reading." @AlvinIrby 
Who would you rather work for: a narcissistic leader or a humble leader?

The answer is more complicated than you think.  @AdamMGrant #WorkLife
What do children want to read? Books that make them laugh. @AlvinIrby 
"Cookie-cutter curriculums and school policies that require students to sit statue-still or to work in complete silence — these environments exclude the individual learning needs, the interest and expertise of children." @AlvinIrby 
@Hostess_Snacks @TED_ED Math is DELICIOUS.
Life lessons from the four elements:  
Perspective-shifting wisdom from the natural world: 
The Butler Bulldogs have a habit of beating top teams with far bigger stars, shocking college basketball fans. How do they do it?

Listen to #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant and learn why humility is the hidden ingredient in great teams, now on @ApplePodcasts:  
3 myths about the future of work (and why they're not true):  @danielsusskind 
Happy #PiDay! Get to know everyone's favorite irrational number:  via @TED_ED
Why gun violence must not be our new normal:  @Dan_at_Brady 
The magic of Fibonacci numbers: 
"Where did we come from? How did the universe come into being? Are we alone in the universe? What is the future of the human race?"

Stephen Hawking on some of the biggest questions of our time: 
Why we need a women-first, women-led approach to global reproductive health:  via @TEDFellow
“We must democratize women’s health and create an ecosystem of support for women to make healthy choices throughout their lives.”  via @TEDFellow
"23% of new working mothers in America will be back on the job within two weeks of giving birth." 
How to inspire every child to be a lifelong reader:  @AlvinIrby 
Want a more innovative company? Hire more women. 
"A prison is the worst building type we could have created to address the harm that we're doing to one another." @deannavanburen 
Congratulations, Amy!!

Watch @AmyPurdyGurl's classic TED Talk about living life without limits:  
This woman's job is to imagine the consequences of new inventions:  @anabjain
What a world without prisons could look like:   @deannavanburen 
4 TED Talks to watch when you’re starting a new job:  
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who push back against you. 
From a better salary to a second chance. 
A workplace that doesn't feel fair creates defensive and disengaged employees. You can tell your boss we said so. 
The future of home, from recycled apartment buildings to co-housing: 
8 TED Talks to help you do better research:  
4 TED Talks about poop, because why not.  
The technology we're developing now could change the world as we know it. 
We entrust teachers with the world’s most important job: educating our kids. So why don't we pay them more? 
Too many teachers in the US are struggling to get by. Here’s what we can do to help: 
Learn how to lead a truly creative brainstorm from @Trevornoah and the writers of @TheDailyShow. 

This is #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, now on @ApplePodcasts:  
The radical beauty of Africa, in portraits:  
The internet before the invention of the hyperlink was a dark place.  
These portraits shatter the Western media’s image of Africa: 
Every Singaporean age 25 and older gets S$500 (about US$350) for skills training of their choice from the government. 
Without the invention of the hyperlink, the internet would be a series of dead ends. 

This is how the hyperlink changed everything:  
The hyperlink is the LEGO block of the internet. Here's the bizarre history of how it came to be:  
"This isn't about politics. This is the algorithm figuring out human behavior. I once watched a video about vegetarianism on YouTube and YouTube recommended a video about being vegan. It's like you're never hardcore enough for YouTube." @zeynep 
Singapore has roughly 2.0 percent unemployment, among the lowest in the world. This could be why: 
Alluring portraits of African glamour:  
The fight for healthy, organic food in China:  @matildajyho
Why a gay Syrian woman is coaching a youth soccer team for refugees:  @fugeesfamily
How we're protecting the future of food, one seed at a time:  
In 21st-century Korea, shamanism is not only thriving — but evolving:  @TEDFellow 
"I came from the poorest country in the world. I will not pull up the ladder behind me." @JimYongKim of @WorldBank 
What if you could print your food with customized nutrition? The fascinating future of 3D printing: 
"Fashion has the power to fill us with joy, the joy of freedom to choose for ourselves how we want to look, how we want to live — a freedom worth fighting for." 
"Fashion can let us literally wear our courage on our sleeves. So wear it like armor. Wear it because it matters." 
If three fast-food items are each priced at $5 but together are $12, which is overvalued? Which do we get on discount? 
How medical marijuana helps patients manage — and feel in control of — their health:  
Out of 155 species of voles, only the prairie vole manages to fall and stay in love. 
In 2016, the Chinese government revealed half a million food safety violations in just nine months. @matildajyho 
To chef @KosherSoul, a plate of stewed okra is more than a soul-food dish — it’s a form of African American history: 
"Our desire to alter our state of consciousness may be as fundamental as our desire for food, water, and sex." 
These lifesaving scientific tools are made of paper:  @PrakashLab @TEDFellow 
“Women should have equal access to technology, especially in conservative cultures like ours, because we do not find the same free spaces in the public sphere.” @nighatdad 
These jaw-dropping photos show what it's like to surf in the toughest conditions:  
"Most of Korea’s shamans are women — around 90%, 95% percent… Korean culture is quite patriarchal, and shamanism represents one place where women hold a position of power.” @TEDFellow 
Want successful kids? Don’t micro-manage them:  @DeanJulie 
“To me, a ‘feminist’ Internet is an Internet which is accessible to everyone, where everyone has agency over their expression and their right to access information.” @nighatdad 
Early life experiences like stress and lack of food can change how our genes are expressed: 
Fun fact! Dolphins are surprisingly talented gamers. 
It's that time of year. Here are 5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
Explore the true fun of physics in your own kitchen! Here's how to get started: 
Big ideas you don't have to wait to put into action. 
Reinvent your living space with the guidance of these design experts. 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you feel totally burned out: 
This approach will not just manage PTSD — it could cure it: 
Life is short. Take some selfies. Keep a journal. 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
"Good leaders know how to manage emotions as well as direction." 
Start your weekend TED binge here. 
This week on the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers explore the mysteries of your emotions: 
So here's a fun question: How does the mammalian erection work? 
Here's the motivation you need to get out of your comfort zone this weekend. 
Spice up the dinner table with these fun scientific debates. 
How cyberharassment is deeply connected to offline violence: 
Men are twice as likely as women to own a mobile phone in Pakistan, the highest gender gap in phone usage in the world. 
The approaching designer baby revolution -- and why we should be concerned: 
"Never, ever underestimate the power of a simple human connection. It so often is the power to save a life." @TheSilverLineUK 
The best way to help is often just to listen:  @TheSilverLineUK 
Why climate change is a human rights issue:  
This is the origin of the modern subway map:  
"Judges cannot hold the other branches of government accountable if they enter into close relationships with them." 
Modern politics turn you off? 8 #TEDTalks to restore your faith in politics: 
This is why your body prefers to poop at home.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Would you fly in a 3D-printed jumbo jet?  
The quest to be the perfect lover is a modern delusion: 
This mural across 50 buildings has a hidden message.

Watch @elseed's full TED Talk here:  via @TEDFellow 
"For whatever that you do, begin from the premise that you're human together. When you begin that you're human together, you see each other differently." @GlobalFundWomen 
"Most people worldwide, especially younger generations, have very little interest in religion because of its associations with power, repression and so on. But shamanism doesn’t care about that.” @TEDFellow 
We love @reshmasaujani too. Watch her incredible TED Talk about why we should teach girls to be brave, not perfect:  #InternationalWomensDay 
"If you want to solve the world's biggest problems, invest in women and girls."  @GlobalFundWomen 
23 incredible books recommended by female TED speakers:  #InternationalWomensDay
23 books to read on #InternationalWomensDay: 
The frightening relationship between race, stress and pregnancy:  @miriamzperez
Why aren’t women allowed to tell the story of humanity? #IWD2018 #InternationalWomensDay 
"Where marriage used to be the beginning of a relationship, now it's the finale." @DrHelenFisher 
"Feminist: a person who believes in the social, political and economic equality of the sexes." #IWD2018 
"Gender colors the way we experience the world. But we can change that." #IWD2018

Why we should all be feminists: 
"The shocking events that fill us with dread today can transform us, and they can transform the world for the better. But first we need to picture the world that we're fighting for." @naomiaklein @TheLeap_Org 
How do @Trevornoah and the writers of @TheDailyShow create 22 minutes of great comedy in less than 8 hours? 

This week on #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant, learn how to collaborate creatively under pressure, now on @ApplePodcasts:  
How shocking events can spark positive change:  @naomiaklein @TheLeap_Org 
"Fashion can give us a language for dissent. It can give us courage." 
Criticism doesn't stunt creativity — it can actually lead to better, bolder ideas.

Listen to #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant and learn how the writers of @TheDailyShow collaborate creatively under pressure, now on @ApplePodcasts:  
3 lessons for thriving in the modern world: 
The wonderful world of life in a drop of water:  
Every Singaporean age 25 and older gets S$500 (about US$350) for skills training of their choice from the government. 
Do we expect too much of parents today? An honest talk on the crisis of modern parenting: 
"The shocking events that fill us with dread today can transform us, and they can transform the world for the better." @NaomiAKlein 
"99 percent of human qualities and abilities are simply redundant for the performance of most modern jobs." 
"The seasonal flu is probably the biggest driver of antibiotic use." The coming crisis in antibiotics: 
Singapore has roughly 2.0 percent unemployment, among the lowest in the world. This could be why: 
11 TED Talks to get you through your quarterlife crisis:  
Here's who you can thank for modern pain relief: 
How babies make decisions with a surprisingly strong sense of logic: 
Why alone time is an important part of a healthy relationship: 
"It's uncomfortable to not believe things." The logical basis for believing in conspiracies: 
3 ways you can keep lust alive in your relationship: 
"Love is a process. Thinking of it as binary causes us to be unduly concerned that it's fraudulent or inadequate." 
"Your fears distort your reality. Under the warped logic of fear, anything is better than the uncertain." 
You don’t understand your motivations as well as you think you do.  @ChoiceBlindness
How and why we make sense of our choices:  @ChoiceBlindness
Do you really know why you do what you do?  @ChoiceBlindness 
Go inside a company where people crave criticism to help them grow:  #WorkLife @AdamMGrant @ApplePodcasts 
What soccer can teach us about freedom:  @bamuthi @TEDFellow 
Soon you’ll be able to 3D-print your clothes at home:  @danitpeleg3d
Why are only men's stories considered "universal"? 
Inside the only company where truly honest feedback is the norm:  #WorkLife @AdamMGrant @ApplePodcasts 
@bramjns @D_derobertis Hi Bram, we’ve spoken with the organizer directly to find out what happened, and after reviewing the incident, we've revoked his license. You can read our statement here: 
@povnuffel We’ve spoken with the organizer about what happened, and we’ve chosen to revoke his TEDx license. Our official statement is here: 
@Knack Please see our official statement about this incident: 
@MarcKockelkorn @TEDxBrussels Hi Marc, we have spoken with the organizer about what happened, and we’ve chosen to revoke his license. You can see our official statement here: 
@Dominiek_H @DanielBartual @D_Robertis @TEDxBrussels Hi Dominiek, we’re glad to hear that you had a good experience overall. We agree that the organizer’s response was out of proportion. We’ve spoken with him directly and reviewed what happened. You can read our statement here: 
@Scoop_Girl Hi Andreea, we’re so sorry you had this experience, and we agree that the use of force was unacceptable. We’ve revoked the organizer’s license. You can see our official statement here: 
@lamazone Hi Sofie, we agree that the organizer’s actions were unacceptable. We have revoked his TEDx license, and you can read our official statement here: 
@KetchumBXL We agree that this was unacceptable, and we have revoked the organizer’s TEDx license. Our official statement is here: 
@josidaelemans @D_derobertis @CharlieMagazine We have revoked the organizer’s TEDx license. Please see our official statement here: 
@anisb @D_derobertis @Ted We’re sorry you had this experience. After reviewing what happened, we’ve chosen to revoke the organizer’s TEDx license. You can see our official statement here: 
@CharlieMagazine @bnox We’ve spoken with the organizer about what happened, and we’ve chosen to revoke his TEDx license. Please see our official statement about this incident here: 
Why it's so hard to make people really care about climate change:  @estoknes
These 5 TED Talks explore how climate change already impacts our daily lives: 
Cremation uses the natural gas equivalent of a 500-mile car trip. Here's a better option:  @TheGoodDeath
The Paperfuge costs 20 cents to make and can do the work of a $1,000 machine, no electricity required. @PrakashLab 
This microscope folded out of paper costs about 100 rupees to make. @PrakashLab 
How inclusion riders work — and why Hollywood needs them:  #Oscars #InclusionRider 
@SirKenRobinson Happy belated birthday, Sir Ken! 
"Please support women artists, buy their work, insist that their voices are heard." 
"We have seen advances in every aspect of our lives — except our humanity." @fugeesfamily 
Can clouds buy us more time to solve climate change?  
As a child, Shameem Akhtar posed as a boy to attend school. Now she fights for other girls to receive an education: 
"We have a system of justice that treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent." 
What I learned when I conquered the world's toughest triathlon:  @mindadentler 
Learn how to give (and take) criticism in our new podcast, #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant:  @ApplePodcasts 
This is what it's like to work at a company where constant criticism is the norm — and people love it:  #WorkLife @AdamMGrant @ApplePodcasts 
When someone criticizes you, your ego actually censors what you hear. 

Learn the art and science of criticism on #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant:  @ApplePodcasts 
What's an inclusion rider, you ask? Stacy Smith explains in her iconic TED Talk about sexism in Hollywood:  #Oscars
4 fascinating, underappreciated jobs that all great movies depend on:  #Oscars 
What sound editors and mixers, cinematographers and production designers really do:  #Oscars
The behind-the-scenes story of The Breadwinner, nominated for best animated film:  #Oscars @electrospirit @TEDFellow
How special effects trick our brains when we watch a movie: 
"You can't cure clinical depression by getting ice cream ... which is unfortunate, because that would be living the dream." @ITSystemsMan 
This subtle lighting shift makes a Pixar movie come alive: 
How does it feel to work at a company where people constantly criticize each other...and like it? Find out in our new podcast, #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant:  @ApplePodcasts 
This is what made Bridgewater the most successful hedge fund in the world:  #WorkLife @AdamMGrant @ApplePodcasts 
Would you want your co-workers to grade your performance and give you truly honest criticism after every meeting? Go inside a company where that's the norm:  #WorkLife @AdamMGrant @ApplePodcasts
"I don’t believe that slavery ended in 1865. Instead, it turned into decades of terrorism and violence." 
The secrets of movie sound effects: 
How movies have the power to shape our memories and worldviews: 
"You might be afraid that if you talk to somebody while they're depressed, you're suddenly responsible for their well-being. You're not expected to be Dr. Phil. Just be friendly -- more like Ellen." @ITSystemsMan 
"The absence of the ability to just get over it is depression." @ITSystemsMan 
The data doesn't lie. 
On screen, men outnumber women 3 to 1, and things are far worse behind the camera. @MDSCInitiative 
The film industry is sexist. Don't believe us? Here’s the data to prove it.  @MDSCInitiative
“We honor reading. Why not honor watching with the same passion?”

What movies teach us about ourselves: 
How to connect with depressed friends:  @ITSystemsMan 
This powerful talk by Bryan Stevenson got the longest standing ovation in TED's history: 
10 great films from female directors that you need to stream right now:  #SpiritAwards 
@jonwarreninfo Hi Jon, we're taking this seriously — accessibility is very important to us. We're still trying to identify the TEDx event involved, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
"Depression doesn't diminish a person's desire to connect with other people, just their ability." @ITSystemsMan 
"To be African is to be inspired by culture and to be filled with undying hope for the future." — @IkireJones founder and fashion designer Walé Oyéjidé.

You'll find Walé's designs featured in #BlackPanther: 
Meet one of the incredible fashion designers featured in #BlackPanther: 
How loss helped one artist find beauty in imperfection:  @alyssamonks 
How to mindfully deal with and fight racism:  @Forward_Promise
How to talk to kids about race:  @Forward_Promise
A life-saving invention that prevents human stampedes:  @1geek0 
This simple invention to prevent stampedes could save thousands of lives. Here's how it works:  @1geek0
The role of human emotions in science and research:  
Why we should embrace the losses we can’t control:  @alyssamonks
"The combination of both logic and emotions is crucial for facing challenges and exploring new worlds." 
"Even in science, we should make use of our feelings. For breakthroughs and innovation, they are equally important as facts and logic." 
How to connect with depressed friends:  @morelesscrazy 
@aelterman Well said, Abraham.
"Emotions and logic do not oppose each other. They complement each other, and they reinforce each other." 
Why we should stop seeing our emotions as incompatible with logic: 
How we became sisters:  @analogurl @gingerlidthe1st 
10 great films from female directors that you need to stream right now:  
"You are like young girls becoming what they always dreamed of becoming when they grew up." @analogurl @gingerlidthe1st 
@JWMediaDC Hi Jim. We're trying to get to the bottom of this but we're having trouble identifying the TEDx event because this is an anonymous tweet. We're trying to learn more and resolve the issue — and work with TEDx organizers to make their events more accessible: 
@SabinaEngland Hi Sabina, we share your concern and want all our events to be accessible. We're still trying to identify the TEDx event involved, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@waywardfun @Ted We're definitely taking this issue seriously and want all our events to be accessible. We're still trying to identify the TEDx event involved, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@aires_amor We're definitely taking this issue seriously and want all our events to be accessible. We're still trying to identify the TEDx event involved, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@therealAntipho @TEDx We share your concern — accessibility is very important to us. We're still trying to identify the TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@MakingCostumes @TEDx We share your concern — accessibility is very important to us. We're still trying to identify the TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@aLilNightMusing We share your concern — accessibility is very important to us. We're still trying to identify the TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@FoxxyGlamKitty Hi Vanessa. We share your concern — accessibility is very important to us. We're still trying to identify the TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@grainnefrances @TEDx We're concerned too. Accessibility is very important to us. We're still trying to identify the TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@joverrent We're concerned too, Jo. Accessibility is very important to us. We're still trying to identify the TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@taurisince1983 We're concerned too. Accessibility is very important to us. We're still trying to identify the TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@deejaymanaleng We're concerned too. The fair treatment of our speakers is very important to us. We're still trying to identify the TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@juliathelast We're concerned too, Julia. The fair treatment of our speakers is important to us. We're still trying to identify the TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@Thaily We're definitely looking into this — accessibility is a priority for us. We're having trouble identifying the independent TEDx event mentioned here, but we're actively trying to learn more and resolve the issue. Here's our update:  
@Natacha_7681 @TEDx Hi Natacha. We're concerned too — accessibility is a priority for us. We're having trouble identifying the independent TEDx event involved, but we're actively trying to learn more and resolve the issue. Here's our update:  
@CasualKelly Hi Kelly. We're concerned too — accessibility is a priority for us. We're having trouble identifying the independent TEDx event involved, but we're actively trying to learn more and resolve the issue. Here's our update:  
@AGareev Hi Albert, we're definitely looking into this to find out what happened. We're also working with disability rights advocates in the TEDx community to make sure this doesn't happen again. Here's our update:  
@mkasprzak Hi Michelle, we're definitely looking into this to find out what happened. We're also working with disability rights advocates in the TEDx community to make sure this doesn't happen again. Here's our update:  
@AssignedForkAB Hi Kat, we're definitely looking into this to find out what happened. We're also working with disability rights advocates in the TEDx community to make sure this doesn't happen again. Here's our update:  
@yashbothraa Hi Yash, we're definitely taking this seriously and want all our events to be accessible. We're reaching out to TEDx organizers to try to identify the event mentioned here, and we've sent this memo to our TEDx community: 
@annezo We're definitely taking this seriously and want all our events to be accessible. We're reaching out to organizers to try to identify the event mentioned here, and we've sent this memo to our TEDx community: 
@Nvannungi_ We're concerned too — the respectful, equal treatment of our speakers is very important to us. We're still trying to identify the independent TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community to prevent this from happening again: 
@J_Vichench We're definitely looking into this. We're still trying to identify the independent TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@TrainWithBain We share your concern, Elizabeth. Accessibility is a priority to us. We're still trying to identify the independent TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@baubo We share your concern — the equal treatment of our speakers is important to us. We're trying to identify the independent TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again. Here's our update: 
@GaryJk64 We're concerned too, Gary. Accessibility is a priority to us. We're still trying to identify the independent TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again. Here's our update: 
@AudacityToCare We hear you. Accessibility is a big priority to us. We're still trying to identify the independent TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with our community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again. Here's our update: 
@dmlaurette We share your concern, Deanna. We're taking this seriously and want all our events to be accessible. We're reaching out to organizers to try to identify the event mentioned here, and we've sent this memo to our TEDx community: 
@rsolgtp We're concerned too, and we're looking into this. We believe all TED and TEDx speakers should be treated respectfully and fairly. We're also working with disability rights advocates to resolve this issue and prevent it from happening again. 
@sculpin We agree, Cam. The fair, respectful treatment of our speakers is deeply important to us. We're trying to identify the independent TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@DrBGFriedman Hi Barbara. We're concerned too, as accessibility is a priority to us. We're still trying to identify the independent TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@LeoSean96 We're concerned too — the respectful, equal treatment of our speakers is very important to us. We're still trying to identify the independent TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community to prevent this from happening again: 
@ladyanglin @DeafCanCoffee @toniterp @SEBIjm We're definitely taking this seriously and want all our events to be accessible. We're reaching out to organizers to try to identify the event mentioned here, and we've sent this memo to our TEDx community: 
@reginanad We share your concern — accessibility is a priority to us. We're still trying to identify the independent TEDx event mentioned here, and we're working with the TEDx community and disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again: 
@NomondeGongxeka We share your concern, Nomonde. We've reached out to several TEDx events and are trying to identify where this happened. We also sent this memo to TEDx organizers to prevent this from happening again: 
@sam_signsofhope @OurVoices4 @lincolnmatongo @DeafMediazw @analytque @signsofhopezim @minniemelange @MoPSEZim @lastmusekiwa @DMuntanga Hi Samantha. We're definitely taking this seriously and want all our events to be accessible. We're reaching out to organizers to try to identify the event mentioned here, and we've sent this memo to our TEDx community: 
@lincolnmatongo We're concerned too — accessibility is a priority for us. We're having trouble identifying the independent TEDx event involved, but we're actively trying to learn more and resolve the issue. Here's our update: 
@olddiesel We share your concern. The fair, respectful treatment of our speakers is very important to us. We're having trouble identifying the TEDx event mentioned here, but we're actively trying to resolve this issue and you can learn more in our update here: 
@st_aubrun @TEDchris Thank you for flagging this. We're still trying to get to the bottom of what happened here but we're having trouble identifying the TEDx event. You can learn more in our update here: 
How to build a company where the best ideas win:  @RayDalio 
Learn what radar has revealed about the melting ice in Antarctica:  @RadioGlaciology
The manipulative tricks tech companies use to keep your attention:  @tristanharris 
What sound editors and mixers, cinematographers and production designers really do: 
4 fascinating, underappreciated jobs that all great movies depend on:  
@AuthorMilliGib Hi Milli, we're concerned, too, and we're looking into this. We believe all TED and TEDx speakers should be treated respectfully and fairly. We're also working with disability rights advocates in the TED community on how to resolve this issue and prevent it from happening again.
@busywriting @DisDeafUprising @TEDx We posted a note to all TEDx organizers communicating that their events need to be accessible and inclusive. We're working with a disability rights advocate and several TEDx organizers to compile advice for organizing accessible events that we can share with our global community.
@DisDeafUprising UPDATE: We've shared a notice with our global TEDx community (shown in the image here). We will continue working with them to ensure that all TEDx events are accessible and inclusive. 
As a child, Shameem Akhtar posed as a boy to attend school. Now she fights for other girls to receive an education: 
@busywriting @DisDeafUprising @TEDx We are still trying to identify the event. 'Breaking Barriers' is unfortunately a very popular theme, so we've contacted several organizers, but haven't found the event yet. We have a team of people reaching out to every event with this theme or similar themes.
@DarynaAriamnova Hi Daryna, We're concerned, too, and we're looking into this. We believe all TED and TEDx speakers should be treated respectfully and fairly. We're also working with disability rights advocates in the TED community on how to resolve this issue and prevent it from happening again.
@okkaitlin We share your concern. The fair, respectful treatment of all of our speakers is very important to us. We're trying to identify the TEDx event where this took place and resolve the issue. Please stay tuned.
Chances are, your coworkers are better at rating some parts of your personality than you are. Here's @AdamMGrant, via @TheAtlantic:  #WorkLife
@Witchsistah We're trying to get to the bottom of this but we're having trouble identifying the TEDx event because this is an anonymous account. We're actively trying to learn more and resolve the issue — and work with TEDx organizers to make their events more accessible.
@beclarke @jkhoey We encourage anyone who believes an event isn't reflecting TED's values to email tedx@ted.com. We would definitely like to know and help out.
@megelison Hi Meg. We haven't been able to identify which independent TEDx event was involved yet due to the anonymity of this tweet, but we're actively trying. We're also working with disability rights advocates in our community to prevent this from happening again.
@beclarke @jkhoey Hi Barbara. We take the fair, respectful treatment of speakers at all TED and TEDx events very seriously. We're working hard to identify the TEDx event where this took place and make sure it doesn't happen again.
@witchseavey @DisDeafUprising We already spoke with them, and it is not their event. 'Breaking Barriers' is unfortunately a very popular theme, so we are going down the list and reaching out to all of them. Not all events list their theme in our system, but we are doing everything we can to find the event.
@CascadeTessa @TEDNews We're concerned too. We're trying to learn more about which TEDx event this tweet refers to and what happened. Accessibility is important to us, and we want all TED and TEDx speakers to be treated respectfully and fairly.
@tweetmunira Hi Munira, we absolutely agree. We're still trying to find out which TEDx event this tweet is referring to, and we're working with disability rights advocates to help TEDx organizers make their events more accessible.
@pratnala @TEDx Hi Pratyush, we're concerned too. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're trying to identify the event where this took place, learn more about what happened and resolve the issue.
@eric_ratinoff @Arlenv1 @2020VisionQuest @_danhabib Hi Eric, thank you for this response. It's true that so many of you do this really well, and we want to empower all of you to share information with each other about how to make your events more accessible. More coming in the TEDx Hub and FB group soon.
@jkhoey We definitely agree, Kelly. We take the fair, respectful treatment of speakers seriously. We're working hard to identify the TEDx event where this took place, and to help all organizers make their events more accessible by collaborating with disability rights advocates.
@Themiscyra @TEDx Hi Cassandra. We share your concern and are currently looking into this to learn more about what happened. We're also working with disability rights advocates in the TED community on how to resolve this issue and prevent it from happening again.
@akrooton @TEDx Hi Alexis. Treating speakers fairly and equally is incredibly important to us, and we're trying to learn more about what happened here. We're also working with disability rights advocates in the TED community to help independent TEDx organizers make their events more accessible.
@BlueTigerPub @DisDeafUprising We're concerned as well. This is an anonymous tip account, so we're trying to figure out which independent TEDx event this tweet refers to and what happened. We're committed to working with the TED community to prevent this from happening again.
@LiviaLove @TEDx Hi Livia. We've reached out to several TEDx organizers and are still trying to identify the event where this happened. We're also sending a memo to all TEDx organizers, and working with disability rights advocates in our community to prevent this from happening again.
@erinmaochu @TEDx @TEDxMCR We share your concern. Treating all speakers with fairness and respect is very important to us, and we're working with disability rights advocates in our community to help independent TEDx organizers make their events more accessible. Please stay tuned for more updates.
@autistichoya Hi Lydia. Accessibility is very important to us, and we're trying to identify the independent TEDx event in question to resolve this issue and make sure it doesn't happen again. Please stay tuned for updates.
@karolynprg @DisDeafUprising Breaking Barriers is a very common theme, and many TEDx events don't list their themes in our system. That's the only identifying information we have, so it's a little tough. We're working to find it among the ~4,000 events that happen every year.
@Beckmin__ @TEDx We're concerned too. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're trying to identify the event where this took place. We're currently working with TED speakers who are disability rights advocates on how to resolve this issue and prevent it from happening in the future.
@SmilingGrouch @emilymadly We share your concern. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're trying to learn more about what happened here and identify the TEDx event involved. We're also working with disability rights advocates in the TED community to prevent this from happening again.
@AnasuyaIam @DisDeafUprising @TEDx We're definitely taking this seriously and want all of our events to be accessible. We're trying to identify the TEDx event mentioned here, and we're currently working with disability rights advocates and the larger TEDx community to prevent this from happening again.
@lavieenrose_xo @TEDx We understand and share your concern. We haven't been able to identify which TEDx event this refers to due to the anonymity of the tweet, but we're actively trying. We're also working with disability rights advocates in the TED community to prevent this from happening again.
@CNDAPL5 @TEDx We share your concern — treating speakers fairly and equally is very important to us. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're trying to identify the event where this took place and resolve the issue, and prevent it from happening again.
It's #WomensHistoryMonth! Celebrate with these badass TED Talks on modern feminism:  
@Cadenza_33 @mattupover @BorderlineClown @DisDeafUprising This is an anonymous tip account, so we've reached out to them by DM and email, but we haven't heard back yet. We want to respect their wish to protect the speaker's anonymity, so we're doing everything we can on our own to identify the event.
@karolynprg We find this tweet concerning as well. Treating speakers fairly and equally is incredibly important to us, and we're trying to learn more about what happened here. Once we do, we'll work with the organizer to resolve this.
@kayewrites @TEDx Hi Kaye, we're also concerned and are currently looking into this to learn more about what happened. We're also working with TED speakers who are disability rights advocates on how to resolve this issue and prevent it from happening again. Accessibility is a priority for us.
@BADHofbauer We absolutely share your concern. We haven't been able to identify which TEDx event was involved yet due to the anonymity of the tweet, but we're actively trying. We're also working with disability rights advocates in our community to prevent this from happening again.
@DisDeafUprising We've contacted several TEDx organizers and haven't been able to identify the right event. We're still trying, but would you be willing to give us more information? We promise to protect the speaker's identity and maintain anonymity. Please email us at tedx@ted.com
@FindingFilene We absolutely share your concern here. TEDx events are independently organized, but TED's goal is to foster an inclusive global community. We're looking into this to see what happened and are working with disability rights advocates to make our events more accessible.
@SteffKollatos @RobJSteininger @TEDx @TEDNews Hi Steff, we hear you. We're currently working with disability rights advocates and the larger TEDx community to help make their events accessible. Our goal is to give organizers the tools to do this effectively. It's definitely a priority for us.
@blb_highgeekery We're definitely taking this seriously and want all our events to be accessible. We're reaching out to organizers to try to identify the event, and we're sending a memo to all our TEDx organizers. Please check back in the thread for updates.
"We fool ourselves into thinking that autism is a 'puzzle' that will be solved by the next medical breakthrough." 
@ProMediaRes1 @TEDx We share your concern, Pete. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're trying to learn more about what happened here and identify the TEDx event involved. We're also working with disability rights advocates in the TED community to prevent this from happening again.
@Nomadicted @DisDeafUprising @TEDx Unfortunately we're not sure yet. We've reached out to several organizers, but none were the right event. Still actively working on it. We're also sending a memo to all our TEDx organizers and working with them to help prevent this from happening in the future.
@Cloud887 Hi Jacob. Unfortunately this an anonymous tweet. We've contacted the account but haven't heard back. We want to respect the privacy of the person who wrote in, so we are doing everything we can to address this on our own.
@amayamocha @TEDx @vrolijk5 It's an anonymous account. We've contacted the account, but haven't heard back. We want to respect the privacy of the person who wrote in, so we are doing everything we can to address this on our own.
@TheRealKarden @DisDeafUprising @eileen_gunn We’ve reached out to several organizers, and we’re still trying to figure out the TEDx event involved. We’re sending a memo to the TEDx community, and we’re working with disability rights advocates in our community to make sure it doesn’t happen again. Please stay tuned.
@KrussowAlice @DisDeafUprising Hi Alice, we totally hear you. Here's what we're working on: we've reached out to several TEDx events and are trying to identify where this happened. We're also sending a memo to TEDx organizers and working with disability rights advocates to prevent this from happening again.
A chef was asked to create a banquet in space. This is what happened. 
@KyleICurley @DisDeafUprising We reached out to them already, and it seems they are not the event mentioned here. Several other events have been eliminated as well. We're still looking into other possibilities, and we want to work with the organizers to fix this.
@mattupover @BorderlineClown @Cadenza_33 Checking in here w/ a quick update. We've reached out to several events and are still trying to identify the event where this happened. We're also sending a memo to all TEDx organizers and working with them to help prevent this from happening again.
@commerciallyvia @DisDeafUprising Fair point. We're sorry if we seemed disingenuous. We're working hard to figure out what happened here. We're reaching out to TEDx organizers, but because of the anonymity of the tweet, it's been hard to find the event. We're trying and will keep posting updates here.
@SassMay Thank you! Still working on getting that info. Reaching out to more events and sending a memo to the whole community. Hopefully we'll be able to identify the event today so we can reach out to the organizers.
@Cloud887 Current update is that we've reached out to several events but haven't been able to identify the event mentioned here yet. Still working on it and sending a memo to the whole TEDx community.
@fuzzyblumonster @TEDx @pincushion_hat @lizvlx @alltheangels_ @DisDeafUprising We emailed the address, but have not received a response.
@23coolbuzz @Northquahog48 We definitely don't make excuses for this. We're working hard to identify the event where this happened, and we're sending a memo to all the TEDx organizers. Once we identify the event, we'll work with the organizers to fix the situation.
@HildurArnar1 We'll definitely keep you updated. We've reached out to several TEDx events but are still trying to identify the event mentioned here. As soon as we figure that out, we'll see what happened and work with the organizer to fix it. Updates coming.
@cyntaxxxnoir @DisDeafUprising @TEDx Just wanted to check in and say we very much want to work with the organizers to help them make the event inclusive, but we have yet to figure out which event it is first. We're still searching for more information.
@anastasia_smol @TEDx Hi there. We've talked to several event organizers, but have yet to find the event mentioned here. We very much want to work with the organizers to help them make the event inclusive, but we have to figure out which event it is first.
@DianaKMasters Hi Diana. We're also concerned and are trying to identify the TEDx event involved. Accessibility is important to us, and we're working hard to prevent this from happening in the future.
@DisDeafUprising UPDATE: We’ve reached out to several TEDx events and are still trying to identify the event mentioned here. We're also sending a memo to all TEDx organizers about accessibility. Will post that here when it goes up. Thank you for your patience — working to get this resolved asap.
@puteri_othman Hi Puteri. We're trying to get to the bottom of this but are having difficulty identifying the TEDx event involved due to the anonymity of the tweet. But we're actively trying, and we're working with disability rights advocates in our community to prevent this going forward.
@Architect_Andy @wjpeace9 @SFdirewolf Point taken, Andrew. We're following the conversation to learn more about what happened. Due to the anonymity of the tweet, we're having difficulty identifying the event. But we're trying, and we're committed to working with the TED community to prevent this from happening again.
How we look kilometers below the Antarctic ice sheet:  @RadioGlaciology 
@Ginger___xx Hi Karie. We haven't been able to identify which TEDx event was involved yet due to the anonymity of the tweet, but we're actively trying. We're also working with disability rights advocates in the TED community to understand the issue and prevent it from happening again.
@MitchMackay92 @DisDeafUprising We hear you, Mitch. We're actively trying to learn more about what happened here but are having trouble identifying the event involved. We're also working with disability rights advocates to find ways to address better access with the broader TEDx community as well.
@bananas_lola @wascallywose @coffeespoonie We hear you. We're having difficulty identifying which TEDx event was involved here, but we're working with disability rights advocates in the TED community on how to resolve this issue and prevent it from happening again in the future. Please stay tuned.
@MamurphyMaureen @3Aholic @marty_cusato @DisDeafUprising Fair criticism. We're still trying to get to the bottom of this but having some trouble identifying the event because this is an anonymous account. We are very actively trying and will find ways to address this with the broader TEDx community as well. Stay posted.
@NotDonnieTrump @maiden_voyager7 @DisDeafUprising Understood. We're currently working with TED speakers who are disability rights advocates on how to resolve this issue and prevent it from happening in the future. We still haven't been able to identify which TEDx event was involved because of the anonymity of the tweet.
"One should never, ever remain silent for fear of complexity." @Elif_Safak 
@SteffKollatos @TEDx @TEDNews We share your concern here. TEDx events are independently organized, and our goal is to foster an inclusive global community. We're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@OliviaDerae @TEDx We hear you and absolutely share your concern. TEDx events are independently organized, and our goal is to foster an inclusive global community. We're looking into this to see what happened.
Why Islamophobia makes the world less safe for all of us: 
We're building a dystopia just to make people click on ads:  @zeynep 
@adoptiveblkmom @vrolijk5 We're working on it. This is an anonymous tip account, which unfortunately means that we don't know which event this happened at. We've looked into several possibilities that have all been dead ends. We're trying to figure it out w/ the limited info we have.
"Do not think for one minute that because you are who you are, you cannot be who you imagine yourself to be." 
"People have sex for many reasons, some because they want a baby, but most of us have sex because it feels good." 
What are you doing with your life?! 
Learn how to talk to anyone, anywhere: 
"Exercise is the most transformative thing that you can do for your brain today." @wasuzuki 
@shamdley We share your concern, and TED's goal is always to create an inclusive global community. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@baltrale We share your concern here. TEDx events are independently organized, and our goal is to foster an inclusive global community. We're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@TheFebrileMuse @DisDeafUprising We definitely share your concern, and TED's goal is always to create an inclusive global community. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@moon_goddess96 We share your concern here. TEDx events are independently organized, and our goal is to foster an inclusive global community. We're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@alltheangels_ @DisDeafUprising @TEDx Thank you for flagging this. TEDx events are independently organized, and we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@kayakendall We definitely share your concern, and TED's goal is always to create an inclusive global community. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@ShortMinnesotan Thank you for flagging this. TEDx events are independently organized, and we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@h1noalex We share your concern here. TEDx events are independently organized, and our goal is to foster an inclusive global community. We're currently looking into this to see what happened.
Try these fascinating experiments to see how your mind works:  
Don't say we didn't warn you. 
@McSueb @DisDeafUprising We definitely share your concern. TEDx events are independently organized, and we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@str8outtaflake @DisDeafUprising @TEDx We definitely share your concern, and TED's goal is always to create an inclusive global community. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@msbmcneil @bfkelleher @DisDeafUprising @TEDx Thank you, Brenna. That's correct, and we share your concerns about this speaker's experience. We're currently looking into this to see what happened.
These are the long-term benefits of regular exercise for your brain:  @wasuzuki
@Witchwater @DisDeafUprising @TEDx We definitely share your concern. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@ruberryfinn @DisDeafUprising @SamuraiKnitter @TEDx We definitely share your concern, and TED's goal is always to create an inclusive global community. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@mis_cue @NeolithicSheep We definitely share your concern, and TED's goal is always to create an inclusive global community. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@vrolijk5 We definitely share your concern, and TED's goal is always to create an inclusive global community. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@HildurArnar1 We share your concern here. TEDx events are independently organized, and our goal is to foster an inclusive global community. We're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@wjpeace9 @SFdirewolf We may be global now, but we certainly always want to be inclusive. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@myweirdmom1 We definitely share your concern. TEDx events are independently organized, and we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@angrycrone We definitely agree, and TED's goal is always to create an inclusive global community. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@thisismikescott @TEDchris Thank you for flagging this. TEDx events are independently organized, and we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@brandcoachkelly @Pamskid We definitely share your concern. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're looking into what happened.
A short, powerful talk about falling in love with science: 
@jadetaylor73 TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened. Our goal is always to foster an inclusive global community.
@Cloud887 Concerned. Our goal is always to create an inclusive global community. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@Northquahog48 We definitely share your concern. TEDx events are independently organized, and we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@wascallywose @coffeespoonie We definitely share your concern, and TED's goal is always to create an inclusive global community. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@marty_cusato @DisDeafUprising Thanks for your message, Marty. TEDx events are independently organized, and we're currently looking into this to see what happened. Our goal is always to create an inclusive global community.
@msbmcneil Thank you for flagging this. TEDx events are independently organized, and we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@BorderlineClown @Cadenza_33 We definitely share your concern, and TED's goal is always to create an inclusive global community. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
@maiden_voyager7 @DisDeafUprising We definitely share your concern, and TED's goal is always to create an inclusive global community. TEDx events are independently organized, so we're currently looking into this to see what happened.
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
Are you terrible at small talk? This radio host has some advice: 
@DisDeafUprising Thank you for bringing this issue to our attention. TEDx events are independently organized, and we are looking into this now to understand the situation.
"Most of what kids currently learn at school will probably be irrelevant by the time they are 40." 
Why do happy couples cheat? 
Go inside unconventional workplaces in our new podcast, #WorkLife with @AdamMGrant. Listen to the first episode about the art of giving and getting criticism on @ApplePodcasts now!  
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who argue with you. 
How to raise gutsy girls:  @carowriter
These are the ingredients of a great conversation: 
Why we should stop seeing our emotions as incompatible with logic: 
9 tips to take care of yourself in challenging times: 
The science is in. If your camera captures the moment, then your brain doesn’t.  
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
@MrAnokye C'mon back, Aaron! These short talks are nice and relaxing 😎 
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
The surprising secret to successful multitasking:  
Be humble, and other lessons from the philosophy of water:  
3 lessons to help you find greater fulfillment in life: 
Why you should seek harmony — not success: 
"Every time I lose, it takes a really long time for me to lose again." @serenawilliams 
Why we need a sexual assault #SurvivorBillOfRights:  @nguyen_amanda
"The combination of both logic and emotions is crucial for facing challenges and exploring new worlds." 
"The most meaningful way to succeed is to help other people succeed."  @AdamMGrant #mondaymotivation
"You don’t just 'find' your calling — you have to fight for it."  #mondaymotivation
Why and how should we forgive those who have hurt us? 
“Even people raised on hate can make a choice about who they want to be.”

@ZakEbrahim was just seven years old when his father helped plan the 1993 World Trade Center bombing. This is his story: 
This robot swims like an eel and detects pollution. Here's how:  
The role of human emotions in science and research:  
Our amazing lineup of speakers for #TED2018 is now online! Take a look here:  
"Emotions and logic do not oppose each other. They complement each other, and they reinforce each other." 
"The time now is to move from mourning and grief to action and transformation." @sandylocks 
"We cannot be beguiled by rational appearances. We've got to look underneath — we will find there the extremism." 
"When people come together and put themselves all into the same movement, they can move mountains." 
Erotic wisdom that can help you have a better sex life:  @HOLAAfrica
How to have a healthier, positive relationship to sex:  @HOLAAfrica 
"Heartbreak shares all the hallmarks of traditional loss and grief: insomnia, intrusive thoughts, immune system dysfunction." @GuyWinch 
Why aren't you moving up at work? The career advice you probably didn’t get: 
8 TED Talks to give you a confidence boost:  
6 TED Talks to help us remember those we've lost:  
"You have some internalized ideas about sex that you never challenge. Some good, some bad and some very, very strange." @HOLAAfrica 
9 TED Talks from inspiring teachers: 
Why do we harshly judge certain behaviors or conditions? This week on @TEDRadioHour, 4 TED speakers talk about stigma. 
"Teaching is a creative profession, not a delivery system. Great teachers mentor, stimulate, provoke, engage." 
"Every child deserves an education that guarantees the safety to learn in the comfort of one's own skin." 
"One of my suggestions for improving education is very basic: pay teachers like the professionals they are." 
How the button changed the world, according to fashion designer @IsaacMizrahi:  
Have you ever wanted to reply to spam email? This guy does it all the time:  
You don't have to be an expert to solve big problems.  @TapiwaChiwewe 
Awesome robot of the week! This little dude swims like an eel and detects pollution. 

Here's how:  
How to talk to kids about race:  @Forward_Promise
This test detects cancer 100 days earlier than traditional methods. That extra time could be life-saving:  @cjimmylin
"Sometimes just one fresh perspective, one new skill set, can make the conditions right for something remarkable to happen." @TapiwaChiwewe 
How to mindfully deal with and fight racism:  @Forward_Promise
This new study found a staggering link between hearing loss and nutrition:  via @TEDFellow 
3 ways to stop overlooking the best person for the job:  @JasonShen
"This isn't a math test. This is a political fight. We need to demand accountability for our algorithmic overlords." 
How to exercise when it’s the last thing you want to do:  
Looking to make a big change? These talks will get you started. 
5 excuses we make when we don't want to work out — and how to get over them: 
Refugees want empowerment, not handouts:  @rohakiza 
Erotic wisdom that can help you have a better sex life:  @HOLAAfrica
The inner workings of how your mind identifies a "beautiful" face:  @Anjan435
This simple invention to prevent stampedes could save thousands of lives. Here's how it works:  @1geek0
"You have some internalized ideas about sex that you never challenge. Some good, some bad and some very, very strange." @HOLAAfrica 
How to have a healthier, positive relationship to sex:  @HOLAAfrica 
From 2000 to 2010, 5.7 million manufacturing jobs were lost. But they weren't lost for the reasons you might think. 
Capitalism isn't an ideology -- it's an operating system:  @bhu_srinivasan 
How your brain decides what is beautiful:  @Anjan435 
How we're finding common ground in the movement to end gun violence:  @Dan_at_Brady
Extreme adventures in rejection: 
See how the rest of the world lives, organized by income:  @AnnaGapminder 
How to talk about mental health without discrimination and stigma: 
A life-saving invention that prevents human stampedes:  @1geek0 
"People who are drawn to these extremisms are not that different from everyone else. But such people can change." 
5 TED Talks on extremely weird science:  
These are the outdated hiring practices companies need to stop using:  @JasonShen
"Algorithms are opinions embedded in code." @mathbabedotorg 
Stop overlooking great job candidates because they’re not “qualified.”  @JasonShen
How to resolve racially stressful situations:  @Forward_Promise 
Bad algorithms are weapons of math destruction. @mathbabedotorg 
The real reason manufacturing jobs are disappearing:  
Learn how to praise the ones you love without comparing them to other people: 
Should we get time off to recover from emotional pain? @GuyWinch 
"Algorithms don't make things fair. They repeat our past practices, our patterns. They automate the status quo." 
Why you should search for meaning — not happiness:  @EmEsfahaniSmith 
"Your life isn't just a list of events. You can edit, interpret and retell your story." @EmEsfahaniSmith 
Why we must recognize — and stand against — extremism and white supremacy:  @deborahlipstadt 
What we don't talk about when we talk about sex: 
How the button changed the world, according to fashion designer @IsaacMizrahi:  
The extremely freaky innards of our planet:  
8 conversations about sex we should be having now: 
This AI performed in the top 20% of students on the entrance exam for the University of Tokyo. 
"Language is the most beautiful of human creations. It's the loveliest thing that our brains have invented." @ajitq 
8 TED Talks about sex that everyone should watch: 
"Discomfort is the price of admission to a meaningful life." @SusanDavid_PhD 
"Enough of easy access to guns by the people that we all agree shouldn't have them." @Dan_at_Brady 
This scientist accidentally coded bias into her computer. Here's what she learned: 
The surprising reason why you should show your weaknesses at work: 
Medical tech designed to meet Africa's needs:  @soyapi @TEDFellow 
“A person who feels that they’ve been heard will relax, let their guard down." 
How we talk about sexual assault online:  @ionewells 
What if Facebook decided to encourage supporters of one candidate to vote over the other? 
There are only 12 psychiatrists in Zimbabwe — for a population of more than 16 million. An army of grandmothers trained in talk therapy may help. @DixonChibanda 
The US would be a safer place if thousands of guns weren't sold every day without background checks.   
These grandmothers are trained in talk therapy and have treated over 30,000 people who don't have access to a psychiatrist. @DixonChibanda 
Urban planners use the video game "Cities: Skylines" as a sketching tool to design real cities.  @pelikaroliina 
Why grandmothers across Africa are being trained in talk therapy:  @DixonChibanda
8 TED Talks about United States politics:  #PresidentsDay2018 
"Let us not forget to think before we speak, just because we might have a screen in front of us." @ionewells 
QUIZ: Can you match the US presidents to their famous words? #PresidentsDay2018 
How protest is redefining democracy around the world:  @Ras_Karya 
Every day, ordinary young people are radicalized online by extremists. But what makes these groups so appealing? 
8 TED Talks about United States politics:  #PresidentsDay 
How ordinary people become violent extremists:  @ErinSaltman
What kind of city would you build with this video game?  @pelikaroliina
12 TED Talks to celebrate #BlackHistoryMonth:  
"Find your peace within, hold it sacred, bring it with you everywhere you go. Peace cannot be shared or created with others if we cannot first generate it within." 
How companies can create a culture of fairness:  @snam
HealthRhythms uses mobile phone data to monitor symptoms of anxiety and depression.  via @TEDFellow
Happy #BlackHistoryMonth! Here's a fun look at social dance, from the Charleston to the Dougie: 
Why I train grandmothers to treat depression:  @DixonChibanda 
"Viewing democracy as only elections is no longer adequate and threatens democracy itself." @Ras_Karya 
How to use social media to fight injustice:  @ionewells
Why you should stop telling people that they're the "best":  @shawnachor
How to build a fair workplace:  @snam
4 TED Talks about the evolution of music:  
For those of us who thrive in quiet. 
Intelligent machines have learned to control you — and we don’t know how they did it:  @zeynep
The power and danger of speaking out on social media:  @ionewells
Want to network effortlessly? Shake up your routine: 
It's time for Music History 101. 
Put your bot-sniffing skills to the test. 
This may be the secret to building your emotional intelligence. @DrTiffWattSmith 
"90% of Americans support expanding background checks to all gun sales -- including more than 80% of gun owners." 
“Change-making does not belong to one group of people; it belongs to all of us.” 
The surprising ingredient that makes businesses work better:  @snam 
“Devote yourself to love. Love yourself so much that you can love others without barriers and without judgment.” 
"To these trolls, I wasn't a human. I was an idea, an object, a caricature." 
Why former President Jimmy Carter believes the mistreatment of women is the number one human rights abuse: 
Solid goal for this weekend. 
"It's easy to sell rebranded Mein Kampf ideas to a generation who has been failed by public schools." 
Have you ever stood in a really long line for the women's bathroom? You can blame terrible design. 
Start your weekend TED binge here. 
"Breathe slowly, don't try to blink, don't be self-conscious. Be relaxed." 
Here's the motivation you need to get out of your comfort zone this weekend. 
Who else is watching 7 hours of train footage this weekend?! 
Happy President's Day weekend! 
How to network without making yourself miserable: 
4 TED Talks about the lives and minds of introverts:  
Happy Year of the Dog! #ChineseNewYear  
How Russia hacked the US 2016 Presidential election by exploiting the human mind:  @LauraLGalante
Meet one of the incredible fashion designers featured in #BlackPanther: 
The secret to great opportunities? The person you haven't met yet:  
3 lessons of revolutionary love in a time of rage:  @valariekaur #ReclaimLove 
Should companies give employees time off to deal with emotional pain? 
"You simply cannot look a woman between her legs and read her sexual story." @under_livet 
Everything you think you know about virginity is nonsense. @under_livet 
"My work speaks for those who will no longer let their futures be dictated by a troubled past. Today, we stand ready to tell our own stories without compromise, without apologies." @IkireJones 
3 creative ways to fix fashion's waste problem:  
Why clothes should be made to be taken apart, recycled and messed with: 
"Fashion, a discipline many of us consider to be trivial, can actually be a powerful tool for dismantling bias and bolstering the self-images of underrepresented populations." @IkireJones 
Why we light firecrackers on #ChineseNewYear:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh #LunarNewYear 
Everything you've ever wanted to know about #LunarNewYear:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh #ChineseNewYear
This is what @JudgeVPratt learned while presiding over the "worst" courtroom in Newark.

Watch her full TED Talk here:  
Stairs don't just get you from point A to point B. They shape your movement — and your feelings:  
"To be African is to be inspired by culture and to be filled with undying hope for the future." — @IkireJones founder and fashion designer Walé Oyéjidé.

You'll find Walé's designs featured in #BlackPanther: 
Vibrant fashion that celebrates African strength and spirit:  @IkireJones 
Tech companies use our instincts against us. Here's what you need to know:  @profgalloway
How judges can show respect — and what happens when they do:  @JudgeVPratt 
Today, barely 15 percent of architects in the United States are women.  @johncary
"There is no virgin seal that magically disappears after sex, and half of virgins can easily have sex without bleeding." @under_livet 
Learn how to praise the ones you love without comparing them to other people: 
The hymen is not proof of virginity, not everyone bleeds the first time they have sex, and other lies we tell about sex:  @under_livet
"It is not reasonable to expect people to marry for love yet not to divorce for lack of love." 
"The moment you admit to loving someone, you admit to having a lot to lose." — @LenMandy #ValentinesDay 
7 TED Talks to help you believe in love again:  #ValentinesDay 
"We are using the same word to talk about love that we use to explain a plague of locusts." @LenMandy 

A better way to talk about love:  #ValentinesDay
"We love ourselves when we breathe through the fire of pain and refuse to let it harden into hate." @valariekaur #ReclaimLove 
Is there discrimination against single people?  #ValentinesDay
The choices we make when we fall in love:  #ValentinesDay @LenMandy
When this woman decided to become surgically sterilized, she faced a long battle against doctors who didn't support her choice. 
This #ValentinesDay, love yourself. 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  #ValentinesDay 
What’s really happening in your brain when you fall in love:  #ValentinesDay
3 mathematically verified tips to improve your love life:  #ValentinesDay
Why I train grandmothers to treat depression:  @DixonChibanda 
#ValentinesDay goals. 

A queer vision of love and marriage:  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan 
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part."  #ValentinesDay
Are you in lust or in love? Here's how to tell: 
What's the secret to a longer life? Here are the best theories: 
You may have more control over aging than you think. 
3 ways you can keep lust alive in your relationship: 
The price of being single: 
"Joy is an act of moral resistance. How are you protecting your joy each day?" @valariekaur #ReclaimLove 
6 TED Talks in celebration of being alone, but not lonely:  
The lies we tell about virginity and the hymen:  
Everything you think you know about the hymen is nonsense. 
"Those who are happiest follow their desires, whether that means getting married or staying single." 
We're thrilled to share @GuyWinch's new TED Book "How to Fix a Broken Heart"! Pick up your copy now:  
If emotional pain were visible, we would all behave very differently.  @GuyWinch
The blind spots of architecture — and how to fix them:  @johncary
"We desperately need a more open dialogue about how severely heartbreak impacts our emotions and functioning." @GuyWinch 
The surprising ingredient that makes businesses work better:  @snam 
Do you prefer your own company? You're not alone. 
Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin on the value of lifelong friendship:  #GalentinesDay 
Why are pencils shaped like hexagons, and how did they get their iconic yellow color? 

This is the history of the pencil:  
What @JudgeVPratt learned about respect while judging the worst courtroom in Newark: 
Why the progress bar is so freaking satisfying to watch:  
Capitalism isn't an ideology. It's an economic system that needs to adapt to change. @bhu_srinivasan 
"If I want to paint your portrait, I'm painting it on you - physically on you."  
Why it's so hard to look away from the progress bar:  
These 11 @TEDx Talks explore what it's like to live with epilepsy:  #InternationalEpilepsyDay
It appears that the dogs have learned to let themselves out.

Watch more incredible Boston Dynamics robot demos in founder Marc Raibert's TED Talk:  
Watch SpotMini deliver packages, open doors and play dead in this Boston Dynamics demo: 
How did the pencil become so... perfect? @cwpencils explains:  
Happy birthday, Charles Darwin! #DarwinDay 
This is what it's like to live with epilepsy:  @SitawaWafula #InternationalEpilepsyDay
Capitalism isn't an ideology -- it's an operating system:  @bhu_srinivasan 
What do the strongest functioning workplaces have in common? 

@AdamMGrant chatted with @Inc about our new TED podcast, #WorkLife: 
This deep-sea mystery is changing our understanding of life:  @archaearama 
"If you're not willing to lose your seat in Congress, there's really very little reason to be there." @bobinglis 
"Design has a unique ability to dignify. It can make people feel valued, respected, honored and seen." @johncary 
"Can you imagine the emptiness of knowing that you stood for nothing, that you risked nothing, that all you did was follow fearful people to where they were already going rather than trying to lead them to a better place?" @bobinglis 
American bipartisan politics can be saved — here's how:  @bobinglis 
"If people perceive they are treated fairly and with dignity and respect, they'll obey the law." @JudgeVPratt 
We all depend on the Earth. We must protect it together. #globalcommons @NaokoIshiiGEF @theGEF 
"The world needs you now, the world needs you today. Whatever it is, wherever you are, whatever it takes, keep on moving." @africanprisons 
"Design functions like the soundtrack that we're not even fully aware is playing. It sends us subconscious messages about how to feel and what to expect." @johncary 
6 space technologies that we can use to improve life on Earth:   @space_enabled
This week on the @TEDRadioHour, 4 TED speakers dive into our biggest questions about the universe: 
How we can end sexual harassment at work:  @GretchenCarlson 
An economic case for saving the planet:  @NaokoIshiiGEF @theGEF #globalcommons 
What happens when you have a stroke? The answer, via @TED_ED: 
Why you should talk about your death while you're still healthy:  
The conversation about death you need to have soon: 
The microbes on your skin are almost as unique as your fingerprints. Here's what they say about you: 
Why are our teeth so strong, and what is enamel made of? @TED_ED explains: 
"Joy is an act of moral resistance. How are you protecting your joy each day?" @valariekaur #ReclaimLove 
Why playing in the dirt might be great preventative medicine: 
What's the secret to a longer life? Here are the best theories: 
Love yourself. 
Are you in lust or in love? Here's how to tell: 
3 ways you can keep lust alive in your relationship: 
Tech companies use our instincts against us. Here's what you need to know:  @profgalloway
You may have more control over aging than you think. 
Stop stalking your ex on social media. Seriously, stop. 
You may have more control over aging than you think. 
This photographer built the world's slowest, lightest aircraft with a backpack motor. Watch him run and take off: 
Want to be emotionally strong? Stop trying to "stay positive."  @SusanDavid_PhD
Here's how your psychology really affects your aging. 
40 trillion microbes live in your body. Here's how they impact your weight: 
"Only dead people never get stressed, never get broken hearts, never experience the disappointment that comes with failure. Tough emotions are part of our contract with life." @SusanDavid_PhD 
"Only dead people never get stressed, never get broken hearts, never experience the disappointment that comes with failure. Tough emotions are part of our contract with life." @SusanDavid_PhD 
"When your heart is broken, the same instincts you ordinarily rely on will time and again lead you down the wrong path. You simply cannot trust what your mind is telling you." @GuyWinch 
Just get your heart broken? Don't idealize your ex. 
How tiny invisible microbes shape your life in ways you'd never expect: 
Scientists have found a way to clone monkeys for the first time ever. TED's Science Curator @dbiello explains why that's such a big deal: 
"Abuse thrives only in silence. You have the power to end domestic violence simply by shining a spotlight on it." 
The ability to take photographs of their injuries changed everything for domestic violence survivors:  
"We love ourselves when we breathe through the fire of pain and refuse to let it harden into hate." @valariekaur #ReclaimLove 
Tito Deler performs stirring rendition of his song, "My Fine Reward."  
3 lessons of revolutionary love in a time of rage:  @valariekaur #ReclaimLove 
"Architecture remains a white, male, elitist profession — seemingly unconcerned with some of the greatest needs in the world." @johncary 
The transformative power of classical music:  @BenjaminZander
Learn about unlocking your creativity from the masters: @OKGo! 
"Viewing democracy as only elections is no longer adequate and threatens democracy itself." @Ras_Karya 
"Being able to live without having to be defined by your skin color is the hallmark of privilege." @Luvvie 
How protest is redefining democracy around the world:  @Ras_Karya 
A perfect storm of politics, panic, and public health misinformation may have derailed a vaccine that could save lives.  via @TEDFellow
8 TED Talks on how to stand up for yourself:  
Why we need to call out casual racism:  @Luvvie 
Would you be more likely to finish your math homework for $10?  @mathspace
Have you ever stood in a really long line for the women's bathroom? You can blame terrible design. 

Watch @JohnCary's full TED Talk on how architecture should create dignity for all:  
Do you feel taken advantage of? These talks will show you how to advocate for yourself. 
This company pays kids to do their math homework:  @mathspace 
"If good design is only for a privileged few, what good is it?" @johncary 
Take a music break with the one and only @SaraRamirez. 
"Certain governments have mastered the use of cyberspace for propaganda purposes." @evgenymorozov 
The fascinating science of wildfires:  @PaulHessburg
Have you ever stood in a really long line for the women's bathroom? You can blame terrible design. 
Stop stalking your ex on social media. Seriously, stop. 
How diets affect your brain -- and why this healthy alternative may be more effective: 
7 simple leadership lessons from music: 
What making music does to your brain:  
Want to master a skill? Use this approach:  @ebriceno8
"What we see is a unique, personal, virtual reality that is masterfully constructed by our brain." @isaaclidsky 
How to build an Alzheimer's-resistant brain:  @LisaGenova 
Want to learn more about how architecture and design shape our lives? We're live on Facebook now with @JohnCary:  
"If the future does not include being out there among the stars and being a multi-planet species, I find that incredibly depressing."

Why @ElonMusk wants @SpaceX to go to Mars:  
How to find and hire the best employees:  
"There’s nothing in the auditory world that is harder for the brain to process than music.” 
How architecture can create dignity for all:  @johncary 
Reinvent your living space with the guidance of these design experts. 
It's time to reclaim and reinvent religion:   
Put your phone down. Your brain will thank you. 
How your brain hallucinates to create reality: 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
Master any skill with these tips on practicing! 
Tips from the masters on how to practice effectively: 
How we can help hungry kids, one text at a time:  @SuKahumbu 
"If the future does not include being among the stars as a multi-planet species, I find that depressing." @elonmusk 
6 TED Talks on how your brain constructs reality: 
How did the pencil become so... perfect? @cwpencils explains:  
Why are pencils shaped like hexagons, and how did they get their iconic yellow color? 

This is the history of the pencil:  
Feeling stuck? It's time to reinvent yourself. 
A quick pick-me-up for your brain. 
This deep-sea mystery is changing our understanding of life:  @archaearama 
A scientist explores the mysteries of the gut-brain connection:  
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
What went wrong with the breakthrough dengue vaccine?  via @TEDFellow 
Caregivers are the backbone of health care — and they deserve our thanks. 
6 space technologies that we can use to improve life on Earth:   @space_enabled
"Heartbreak shares all the hallmarks of traditional loss and grief: insomnia, intrusive thoughts, immune system dysfunction." @GuyWinch 
"When your heart is broken, the same instincts you ordinarily rely on will time and again lead you down the wrong path. You simply cannot trust what your mind is telling you." @GuyWinch 
"There is great injustice in the daily and disproportionate violence faced by young black men."  #BlackLivesMatter
"Hope can be incredibly destructive when your heart is broken." @GuyWinch 
"Getting over heartbreak is not a journey. It's a fight, and your reason is your strongest weapon." @GuyWinch 
Just get your heart broken? Don't idealize your ex. 
Want to be a great communicator? Break these 4 bad habits:  
"#BlackLivesMatter offers a new vision for young black girls around the world that we deserve to be fought for."  
How to fix a broken heart:  @GuyWinch 
Want to be paid what you're worth? A pricing consultant gives her advice:  @pricingcasey
"What does it do to a child to grow up knowing that you cannot simply be a child?" @ClintSmithIII  #BlackLivesMatter
"We can't think about cancer -- let alone any disease -- in black-and-white terms."  #WorldCancerDay
My failed mission to find God — and what I found instead:  @anjalikumar 
"Only a small part of the cancer experience is about medicine."  #WorldCancerDay
7 TED Talks with insights on breast cancer:  #WorldCancerDay
"Catching cancer early is the closest thing we have to a silver bullet cure against it."   #WorldCancerDay
"Claim your experience, but don't let it claim you."  #WorldCancerDay
7 TED Talks on how we're fighting cancer:  #WorldCancerDay 
Is pride a virtue? Yes, but there's a catch. 
This teen's loss inspired him to invent a test for pancreatic cancer:  #WorldCancerDay
How my dad's dementia changed my perception of death:  
These 6 technologies developed for space exploration could help us back on Earth:   @space_enabled
How technology has changed sports -- and made athletes much, much better: 
We collected essential life advice from seniors. Here’s what they recommend:  @StoryCorps
How we can use space technology to improve life on Earth:  @space_enabled 
What will sports look like in the future? How science and technology are changing the playing field: 
How to use what makes you unique to your advantage:   @michaelrkinney
"Whatever fire burns in your stomach because you know that there is a need for change, that is exactly what you should be doing with the rest of your life." @pfpicardi @TEDx 
This Minecraft server is one of the best places on the internet.  @autismfather
What playing football does to your brain: 
A football player on how we can prevent concussions: 
Do you have a friend who distrusts vaccines? Here's how to get through to them: 
Essential skills for dealing with your real emotions:  @SusanDavid_PhD
You should keep a journal to track your goals and successes. Here's why: 
How often should you disagree with your superiors at work? 
"Data-mining is not for nerds anymore. It's also for jocks." How virtual reality will change sports: 
3 TED Talks on the math, science and evolution of sports: 
"Only dead people never get stressed, never get broken hearts, never experience the disappointment that comes with failure. Tough emotions are part of our contract with life." @SusanDavid_PhD 
"Being positive has become a new form of moral correctness." @SusanDavid_PhD 
Watching the Super Bowl this weekend? See how augmented reality will change the future of sports: 
How to speak up at work — without infuriating your coworkers: 
How I use Minecraft to help kids with autism:  @autismfather 
The history of African-American social dance:  @CamilleABrown #BlackHistoryMonth 
How to talk to parents who fear vaccines: 
What makes you unique, and how can you use it to your advantage? @michaelrkinney 
What I learned when I tried to find God:  @anjalikumar 
"The world needs you now, the world needs you today. Whatever it is, wherever you are, whatever it takes, keep on moving." @africanprisons 
How I earned a law diploma while on death row:  @africanprisons 
What I learned about humanity when I tried to find God:  @anjalikumar 
12 TED Talks to celebrate #BlackHistoryMonth:  
"Yes men are rarely the drivers of progress." 
"It is the artist's job to unearth stories that people try to bury with shovels of complacency and time." @FreeQThaMighty 
"Dissenters are not always right, but because we speak up and others don’t, our opinion often holds sway." 
How to speak up at work — without infuriating your coworkers: 
How often should you disagree with your superiors at work? 
How we can use space technology to improve life on Earth:  @space_enabled 
9 TED Talks to help you understand racism in America:  #BlackHistoryMonth 
"I need to do everything in my power to eradicate racism in my lifetime."  #BlackHistoryMonth
Black life at the intersection of birth and death:  @FreeQThaMighty 
Do you ever wonder.... why it's so hard to stop watching progress bars? #ThursdayThoughts  
"The idea that black people have had no impact on history is one of the foundational ideas of white supremacy. It's the reason that we continue to celebrate #BlackHistoryMonth in the US every February." @ProfessorCrunk 
You've totally got this, Mary. We recommend starting with these 5 TED Talks on how to make a great presentation :)  
How to use what makes you unique to your advantage:   @michaelrkinney
American Sign Language is an enchanting visual language. @chrisunkim shares how it works in her TED Talk:  @TEDFellow 
Pride can be a virtue, but it needs to be the right kind of pride:  
"Progress toward goals doesn’t always follow a linear trajectory. It often goes in fits and starts." 
Want to be emotionally strong? Stop trying to "stay positive."  @SusanDavid_PhD
Is pride a virtue? Yes, but there's a catch. 
Do you take enough pride in your success? 
You should keep a journal to track your goals and successes. Here's why: 
"Only dead people never get stressed, never get broken hearts, never experience the disappointment that comes with failure. Tough emotions are part of our contract with life." @SusanDavid_PhD 
4 #TEDTalks on overcoming depression:  #BellLetsTalk 
7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health:  #BellLetsTalk
How should we talk about mental health? Thoughtful ideas from experts:  #BellLetsTalk
@Bell_LetsTalk Always excited to participate!
Meta moment while uploading this week’s Small Thing Big Idea episode on the progress bar. What is this madness?  
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." — @Andrew_Solomon #BellLetsTalk  
@anjalikumar Wait, really? Happy birthday!! We didn't know! 🎉
My failed mission to find God — and what I found instead:  @anjalikumar 
An important reminder to ask for help when you need it.  #BellLetsTalk 
"Whatever fire burns in your stomach because you know that there is a need for change, that is exactly what you should be doing with the rest of your life." @pfpicardi @TEDx 
Fish communicate in complex ways — even with animals of a different species. Here's how:  @sciallorg
The hidden cost of constant positivity:  @SusanDavid_PhD
How to turn apocalypse fatigue into action on global warming:  @estoknes 
"If I get vaccinated, not only am I protecting myself, I am also protecting others." 
Why the progress bar is so freaking satisfying to watch:  
5 key ingredients for a good life:  @StoryCorps
Could the social lives of fish help us save coral reefs? @sciallorg  
Why we must get vaccinated:  
Why it's so hard to look away from the progress bar:  
How the progress bar makes waiting more exciting... and mitigates our fear of death. Yay!  
Do you have a friend who distrusts vaccines? Here's how to get through to them: 
"Discomfort is the price of admission to a meaningful life." @SusanDavid_PhD 

Say no to forced positivity. Here's why you should embrace your "negative" feelings:  
The gift and power of emotional courage:  @SusanDavid_PhD 
Why it's so hard to make people really care about climate change:  @estoknes
"Success is about trying to identify a path, and then blazing a trail forward." @pfpicardi 
Nervous about saying the wrong thing about trans issues? @jackisnotabird has got you covered. 
Watch bonus clips that didn't make it on television during #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch! 
The secret to success? Stay true to who you are:  @pfpicardi @TEDx 
Have a lot of feelings? We can relate. 
A moving talk about a daughter's love — and of letting go and finding peace. 
5 TED Talks to help you understand your emotions:  
"For the first time since my coming out, I felt worthy and seen. All in a page of @VogueMagazine." @pfpicardi @TEDx 
How to succeed by staying true to yourself:  @pfpicardi @TEDx 
I was a prisoner in North Korea. This is my story.  
5 TED Talks for people with a lot of feelings:  
Watch the extended version of @iamsrk's #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch interview with @Google's @sundarpichai: 
"Failure is a natural stepping stone towards perfection." @xbowers #MondayMotivation 
A.R. Rahman on the sublime beauty of Indian ragas:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @arrahman 
How I study the most dangerous animal on earth — the mosquito:  
"We trans people are so much more scared of you than you are of us." @jackisnotabird  
What I learned as a prisoner in North Korea:  
"Language is the most beautiful of human creations. It's the loveliest thing that our brains have invented." @ajitq 
"Divorce is not the end of a family; it’s a reorganization." @EstherPerel 
Have you ever wanted to reply to spam email? This guy does it all the time:  
Why AI should stand for “alien intelligence”: 
The quest to be the perfect lover is a modern delusion: 
How AI will change business: 
"We need to think about how to design social media experiences that promote civility and reward thoughtfulness." 
What’s really happening in your brain when you fall in love: 
Thank you for an incredible season of #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch! @iamsrk @StarPlus 
Tune in to watch #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch with @iamsrk, starting now on @StarPlus. 
Inside the world of rare record collectors:  @MIMSLexis
Dance that celebrates the beauty and history of black life:  @CamilleABrown @TEDFellow 
How to keep your kids safe on the internet:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @JagdishMahapat1 
"Can you imagine the emptiness of knowing that you stood for nothing, that you risked nothing, that all you did was follow fearful people to where they were already going rather than trying to lead them to a better place?" @bobinglis 
The starships of the future won’t look anything like Star Trek’s Enterprise:  via @TEDFellow 
"The United States was not built by those who waited and wished to look behind them. Lead now... Tell the American people that we still have moon shots in us." @bobinglis 
"It's time for women to run for office, be it the office of the CEO or the office of the president." @HallaTomas 
How we doubt, blame and silence sexual assault survivors:  @iherco
Have you ever wanted to know, "What is that flower called?" and had no one to ask? This app can identify objects. @rishmitra @blippar #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch  
What if school were more like the @BlueManGroup?  @BlueSchoolNYC
"Will you be #ManEnough to stand up to other men when you hear 'locker room talk,' when you hear stories of sexual harassment?" @justinbaldoni #MeToo 
Why you should talk about your death while you're still healthy:  
How off-grid power can make every home an energy source:  @AmarInamdar1
If you were given a blank postcard and asked to draw a beautiful moment from this past week, what would you draw? 
Want to be more creative? Go for a walk. 
"The world is going to need all of the different kinds of minds to work together." - @DrTempleGrandin 
If you're creatively stuck, put your sneakers on. 
The complex social lives of trees: 
A scientist explores the mysteries of the gut-brain connection:  
Hip hop owes a lot to the queens of double dutch.  
Don't suffer from depression in silence.  
40 trillion microbes live in your body. Here's how they impact your weight: 
The @PlasticBank is a worldwide chain of stores where everything from school tuition to cooking fuel is available for purchase in exchange for plastic garbage. @DavidKatzPB 
Have difficulty pooping away from home? Here's how your brain decides when it's time to go.

Watch the full TED Talk here:  
Data, statistics and algorithms dominate every aspect of our lives. But how accurate are they, and how fair?  @TEDRadioHour
8 conversations about sex we should be having now: 
8 TED Talks about sex that everyone should watch: 
The thrilling potential for off-grid solar energy:  @AmarInamdar1 
What we don't talk about when we talk about sex: 
@evanrachelwood  
How robotics can bring remote workers into the office:  @leilatakayama
Why women stay silent after sexual assault:  @iherco 
Inside the quest to build an inexpensive e-tablet for the blind:  
"HIV has a potential to transform itself into a new and different virus every time it infects a cell." @EdselSalvana 
1 in 5 women and 1 in 13 men will be sexually assaulted during college in the US. 
No one can master their craft alone. Here's why we all need a coach:    @Atul_Gawande
"What we see, we can be. So screw fear and challenges. It matters that women run." @HallaTomas 
You don't have to feel powerless at your performance review. Go in prepared. 
Practical money advice from a self-taught financial advisor:  
6 tips for receiving and responding to feedback: 
What's it like to be a robot?  @leilatakayama 
We are just a few mutations of HIV away from disaster. 
Learn more about the future of commerce, where everything is ultra-convenient, ultra-flexible and ultra-social. 
Why Double Dutch jump rope is a powerful symbol for black women:  
What if you could turn plastic trash into cash?@PlasticBank does exactly that.   @DavidKatzPB 
Have you found your selfie twin on the @googlearts app?

Amit Sood, director of Google's Cultural Institute, shares the inspiration behind the project during an early demo in 2016. Watch his full TED Talk:  
How to get the most out of meetings — and not waste your time. 
Cremation uses the natural gas equivalent of a 500-mile car trip. Here's a better option:  @TheGoodDeath
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
The factors in childhood that predict success later in life: 
TED's secret to great public speaking: 
This could be the secret to a truly satisfying night's sleep. @DanGartenberg 
What the longest study on childhood tells us about parenting: 
6 simple tips for beginner investors: 
6 simple tips for investment beginners: 
Which of these maps inspired the modern subway map? Click here for the answer: 
This is what makes the jump rope so awesome:  
This photographer built the world's slowest, lightest aircraft with a backpack motor. Watch him run and take off: 
Photos of Africa, taken from a flying lawn chair:  
We all depend on the Earth. We must protect it together. #globalcommons @NaokoIshiiGEF @theGEF 
The Trump Ocean Club is a textbook example of how money gleaned through crime and corruption can enter global markets through what look like legitimate deals. 
"Even a small seed has to buried under the soil in order to become a big tree." @TheVikasKhanna #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
"HIV has a potential to transform itself into a new and different virus every time it infects a cell." @EdselSalvana 
.@susieibarra’s new album Perception is a revelatory experience of the senses:  @TEDFellow
Watch @TheVikasKhanna's TED Talk about how challenges made him who he is:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
"If we truly listen to one another, we will hear things that demand that we shift our own perceptions." @AspenBaker 
A better way to talk about abortion:  @ExhaleProVoice
We are just a few mutations of HIV away from disaster. 
The dangerous evolution of HIV:  @EdselSalvana 
Drug-resistant HIV could start a deadly epidemic. @EdselSalvana 
Hip hop owes a lot to the queens of double dutch.  
How did the jump rope gets its rhythm? 

Watch the second episode of Small Thing Big Idea now:  
Neuroscience can help us know who we truly are:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @anilananth
The business benefits of doing good:  @TEDpartners 
The behind-the-scenes story of The Breadwinner, now nominated for best animated film:  #OscarNoms @electrospirit @TEDFellow
Beautiful breakdowns of vice and virtue. 
What comes after tragedy? Forgiveness:  @TKF_SanDiego 
Why I home-schooled my daughters:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch
Neuroscience can help us know who we truly are:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch
.@DanHusain tells a story of a priest, a priestess and their complicated love story. #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
Want to be happier? Let go of control.  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
"Control is not a ticket to happiness." #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
What is happiness? #PursuitOfHappiness

Watch the full talks from #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch episode seven:  
"Horizon is not just a thing. That is a thought process, a way of thinking. A dream for happiness and survival." @bombaywalee #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
“There were all of these warning signs that money laundering was happening at the Trump Ocean Club." 
18th-century mansion... or dollhouse? 

See more stunning miniatures here:  
An economic case for saving the planet:  @NaokoIshiiGEF @theGEF #globalcommons 
@AnandWrites Definitely an idea worth spreading 😉
"Violence is a learned behavior. No child was born violent." @TKF_SanDiego 
A deadly encounter brought these two men together. Now they promote forgiveness and understanding. @TKF_SanDiego 
How we can stop Africa's scientific brain drain:  @kynjabo 
It's worth having friends across the political divide. 

Here's how to meet thoughtful people who can challenge your worldview:  @JohnGable
"If you're not willing to lose your seat in Congress, there's really very little reason to be there." @bobinglis 
How adaptive clothing empowers people with disabilities:  @RunwayOfDreams1 
"Can you imagine the emptiness of knowing that you stood for nothing, that you risked nothing, that all you did was follow fearful people to where they were already going rather than trying to lead them to a better place?" @bobinglis 
How adoption worked for me:  @chrisategeka @TEDFellow 
Medical tech designed to meet Africa's needs:  @soyapi @TEDFellow 
For people with disabilities, getting dressed can be challenging. @RunwayOfDreams1 helps create adjustable clothing without complicated zippers or buttons that everyone can enjoy. 
How to make friends across the political divide:  @JohnGable
The hidden role informal caregivers play in health care:  
"The United States was not built by those who waited and wished to look behind them. Lead now... Tell the American people that we still have moon shots in us." @bobinglis 
"Fashion holds the key to a vital lifeline. Clothing can be transformative. Clothing equals confidence." @RunwayOfDreams1 
It's time to honor the #PursuitOfHappiness. 

#TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch starts now on @StarPlus. 
“Change-making does not belong to one group of people; it belongs to all of us.” 
This is why the London Tube Map is one of the most famous maps in the world:  
Watch Raj Raghunathan's new talk about the #PursuitOfHappiness on #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch, tonight at 7pm on @StarPlus. 
Caregivers are the invisible backbone of health care. They deserve more recognition. 
"Find your peace within, hold it sacred, bring it with you everywhere you go. Peace cannot be shared or created with others if we cannot first generate it within." 
A new home for African scientists on the continent:  @kynjabo
Our treatment of HIV has advanced significantly. Why hasn't the stigma changed?  
American bipartisan politics can be saved — here's how:  @bobinglis 
How to put the power of law in people's hands:  @GlobalNamati @VivekHMaru 
Why you should talk about your death while you're still healthy:  
“These strangers showed me true love. These strangers showed me that I mattered, that my dreams mattered.” @chrisategeka @TEDFellow 
"I noticed a shift in the way that I was treated at home. My roommates wouldn't touch anything of mine, and they wouldn't eat anything I had cooked." 
The conversation about death you need to have soon: 
Free yourself from your filter bubbles:  @JohnGable 
"Ignorance is not synonymous with stupid. It's not the inability to learn. It's the state you're in before you learn." 
In 1933, the London Underground introduced this — and changed subways around the world:   
Watch @TheVikasKhanna's new talk about the #PursuitOfHappiness on #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch, this Sunday at 7pm on @StarPlus. 
This is what it's like to live with HIV: 
We should stop describing someone who doesn't have an STI as "clean." Here's why: 
Want to be more creative? Go for a walk. 
.@JCollierMusic is a one-man band and force of nature.  
If you're creatively stuck, put your sneakers on. 
“We don’t have to be heroes, wear a uniform, call ourselves activists or get elected to participate. We just have to be brave enough to care.” 
5 ways to have better conversations with the teenagers in your life: 
“Devote yourself to love. Love yourself so much that you can love others without barriers and without judgment.” 
7 reasons why walking is good for your brain, health and happiness: 
5 tips for parents who struggle to talk to their teenager: 
Want to change the world? Start by being brave enough to care:  
One of the most famous maps in the world isn't really a map at all.  
“The history of civilization is a history of maps. How have we come to understand the world around us?”  
See how the rest of the world lives, organized by income:  @AnnaGapminder 
"Can you imagine the emptiness of knowing that you stood for nothing, that you risked nothing, that all you did was follow fearful people to where they were already going rather than trying to lead them to a better place?" @bobinglis 
Dance that celebrates the beauty and history of black life:  @CamilleABrown @TEDFellow 
The surprising inspiration for the London Underground Map:  
This is the origin of the modern subway map:  
"Musicals provide an opportunity for us to get lost, but also to be found. They gives us that opportunity to breathe, and exhale — or get your breath taken away.” @CamilleABrown @TEDFellow 
"If you're not willing to lose your seat in Congress, there's really very little reason to be there." @bobinglis 
Want to be a better ally? @deray shares how we can all show up and stand up: 
How you can be an ally in the fight for racial justice, according to @deray:  
Have you ever wanted to know, "What is that flower called?" and had no one to ask? This app can identify objects. @rishmitra @blippar #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch  
Celebrate the wonder of learning. 

Watch the full talks from #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch episode six:  
How to keep your kids safe on the internet:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @JagdishMahapat1 
This is what the London Tube Map used to look like — and this is how it changed to become the map you see today:  
How children teach themselves online:  @Sugatam #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
Caregivers are the invisible backbone of health care. They deserve more recognition. 
In 2017, nearly 7,500 cities representing over 681 million people committed to a global pact on climate that can ultimately exceed the Paris Accord targets. 
How did the London Tube Map become one of the most famous maps in the world?

Watch the first episode of Small Thing Big Idea now: 
The hidden role informal caregivers play in health care:  
Prahlad Tipanya and his troupe set the words of the 15th-century poet Kabir to beautiful music. #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
India is joining the search for gravitational waves. @AstroKPJ #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
How playing Dungeons &amp; Dragons made me more creative and compassionate:  
By joining the Beacon Hill Village in Boston, older people commit to helping each other while they stay in their own homes. 
The conversation about death you need to have soon: 
A simple experiment you can do at home to test your brain's flexibility:  @shubhatole #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch
Feel helpless against Alzheimer’s disease? You can do something to help prevent it:  
Feel helpless against Alzheimer’s disease? You can do something to help prevent it:  
6 TED Talks to help us talk about sexual assault and harassment:  #MeToo 
Why you should talk about your death while you're still healthy:  
Small Thing Big Idea celebrates the genius of everyday objects so perfectly designed that they changed the world around them. 

Watch new episodes now:  
These ordinary objects changed the world — forever. 

Watch TED's new show, Small Thing Big Idea:  
We're excited to introduce TED's new show, Small Thing Big Idea!

Subscribe now for weekly episodes about ordinary objects that changed the world:  
"Will you be #ManEnough to stand up to other men when you hear 'locker room talk,' when you hear stories of sexual harassment?" @justinbaldoni #MeToo 
If you were given a blank postcard and asked to draw a beautiful moment from this past week, what would you draw? 
What if school were more like the @BlueManGroup?  @BlueSchoolNYC
The search for "aha!" moments:  @BlueSchoolNYC @BlueManGroup 
"He’s been reduced to four words: 'I have a dream.'" —  @ava

How we can better remember Martin Luther King, Jr.'s extraordinary work and life: 
The hidden, powerful structure behind Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech: 
It's time to celebrate the wonder of learning. 

#TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch with @iamsrk starts now on @StarPlus. 
This pen is made out of air pollution:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @touchaddict @gravikylabs 
Watch @shubhatole's new talk about the wonder of learning on #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch, this Sunday at 7pm on @StarPlus. 
An architect’s bold plan to build Africa’s future:  @CBenimana
4 ways you can help end sexism in Hollywood:  @NaomiMcDougallJ
Meet Mithali Raj, the captain of the Indian Women's Cricket Team. #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @M_Raj03 
"If you really want to rediscover wonder, you need to step outside of that tiny, terrified space of rightness." 
"Today in America we are not free. We are burdened by a history of racial inequality and injustice." 
Feel helpless against Alzheimer’s disease? You can do something to help prevent it:  
Is it time to bring back long-lost species? 
How the human body naturally tells what time it is:  via @TED_ED
Want to be more creative? Go for a walk. 
Why Martin Luther King Jr. is more than just a holiday:  @ava
"The world is going to need all of the different kinds of minds to work together." - @DrTempleGrandin 
A scientist explores the mysteries of the gut-brain connection:  
The complex social lives of trees: 
Watch @JagdishMahapat1's new talk about keeping kids safe online, on #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch this Sunday at 7pm on @StarPlus. 
Celebrate the power of women. 

Watch the full talks from #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch episode five:  
Don't suffer from depression in silence.  
"If you are someone who has contemplated or attempted suicide, or you know somebody who has, talk about it." 
This is the conversation about race — and racism— that we need to have now: 
If you were given a blank postcard and asked to draw a beautiful moment from this past week, what would you draw? 
Inside the world of rare record collectors:  @MIMSLexis
"Strong relationships are built on strong communication. So keep talking and listening with your heart." @sheljasen #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
Want to be more creative? Go for a walk. 
How to put the power of law in people's hands:  @GlobalNamati @VivekHMaru 
.@JCollierMusic is a one-man band and force of nature.  
Crossword puzzles + magic = @davidkwong 
The starships of the future won’t look anything like Star Trek’s Enterprise:  via @TEDFellow 
"Staying at least one step ahead of the spectator is a fundamental rule in magic." @davidkwong 
Want to be a better ally? @deray shares how we can all show up and stand up: 
How a single word can change your conversation: 
Feel helpless against Alzheimer’s disease? You can do something to help prevent it:  
These are the sneaky tricks tech companies use to hold onto your brain: 
"Walking is the single most powerful thing that a woman can do for her health." @MorganTreks @GirlTrek 
If you're creatively stuck, put your sneakers on. 
How you can be an ally in the fight for racial justice, according to @deray:  
How record collectors find lost music and preserve our cultural heritage:  @MIMSLexis 
"From Harriet Tubman to the women in Montgomery, when black women walk, things change." @MorganTreks @GirlTrek 
Meet one of the brave activists who fought for women to have the right to drive in Saudi Arabia: 
Why you should take up record digging as your new 2018 hobby: 
.@CameronCRussell offers a sobering look at what beauty can buy you: 
"Knowledge is almost always better than ignorance — and usually less frightening."  @JamieJBartlett
Spellbinding sci-fi stories that imagine a future Africa:  @Nnedi 
Glimpse at a strange — but possible — future where robots rule the earth:  @robinhanson
These horrifying stories from new mothers will change how you think about family leave: 
This woman turned the world’s worst aquatic plant into something magical:  
A new home for African scientists on the continent:  @kynjabo
Africa has been overlooked by carmakers. @MobiusMotors may change that. 
"Art cannot change the future, but it can touch the present." 
This mindset can help you make better decisions:  @juliagalef
How playing Dungeons &amp; Dragons made me more creative and compassionate:  
Glow-in-the-dark bike paths and other magical city designs:  @SRoosegaarde 
"Nowhere is magical unless you can bring the right eyes to it." 
What if you could print your food with customized nutrition? The fascinating future of 3D printing: 
Serena Williams on tennis, love and motherhood: 
"Tradition isn’t static. Tradition is something that’s always moving, something that’s always evolving.” @TEDFellow 
By joining the Beacon Hill Village in Boston, older people commit to helping each other while they stay in their own homes. 
What if you could print your food with customized nutrition? The fascinating future of 3D printing: 
"When we lose a loved one, we still love them. And I wasn’t ready to stop loving." 
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed:  via @TED_ED
What cars will really look like in the future:  
How we're protecting the future of food, one seed at a time:  
Medical tech designed to meet Africa's needs:  @soyapi @TEDFellow 
11 #TEDTalks about the future of medicine: 
"Baseball, you're out. Pizza is the way to think about healthy, satisfying sexual activity." @AlVsexed 
4 predictions about the future of cars:  
For people with disabilities, getting dressed can be challenging. @RunwayOfDreams1 helps create adjustable clothing without complicated zippers or buttons that everyone can enjoy. 
"Fashion holds the key to a vital lifeline. Clothing can be transformative. Clothing equals confidence." @RunwayOfDreams1 
Congratulations to our extraordinary new class of TED Fellows!  @TEDFellow #TED2018 
How adaptive clothing empowers people with disabilities:  @RunwayOfDreams1 
A new technique to save women's lives from breast cancer:  @MeHereShah #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch
Because you deserve a break. 
“Resilience is not a trait. It’s not something you’re born with.” @drmegjay 
This small device helps health workers screen women for breast cancer quickly, wherever they are:  @MeHereShah #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch
This unique dance celebrates the role of a saree in the life of a woman:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @MayuriUpadhya
How to speak so that people want to listen:  @juliantreasure
How to create a life of service:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch
The saree is one of the oldest garments known to history, and each one tells its own story. @MaudgalKadam #100SareePact #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
"I wish every girl finds the gold within her. She finds so much gold within that it shines on the entire world." @ektaravikapoor #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
"Gold should be within us. Gold outside will go away, but the gold within, your ability, will stay with you." @ektaravikapoor #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
@DanielPink .@DanielPink just confirmed that making a doctor's appointment in the afternoon is a huge mistake. Tune in to find out why: 
A unique tribute to #DavidBowie, featuring @AmandaPalmer, @usmanriaz1990, and, uh, @AlGore: 
Happy birthday, David Bowie. We miss you. 
Beautiful, inspiring art about African identity:  @154artfair
Inside Africa's thriving art scene:  @154artfair 
An AI pioneer’s predictions for the future:  @SebastianThrun
What it's like to be a woman in Hollywood:  @NaomiMcDougallJ
We're building a dystopia just to make people click on ads:  @zeynep 
"I dream of a future where menstruation is not a curse, not a disease, but a welcomed change in a girl's life." 
"We are using the same word to talk about love that we use to explain a plague of locusts." @LenMandy 
"There is always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. If we live out loud, we can trounce the hatred." 
What’s really happening in your brain when you fall in love: 
Have you ever wanted to reply to spam email? This guy does it all the time:  
Is your family driving you nuts? Escape with these talks: 
"Language is the most beautiful of human creations. It's the loveliest thing that our brains have invented." @ajitq 
"Divorce is not the end of a family; it’s a reorganization." @EstherPerel 
Future tech will give you the benefits of city life anywhere:  
"Ignorance is not synonymous with stupid. It's not the inability to learn. It's the state you're in before you learn." 
"Magic is the only honest profession. A magician promises to deceive you -- and he does." 
How to unlock your family history:  
How AI will change business: 
It's time to celebrate the creativity, courage and energy of women. #PowerToWomen

#TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch with @iamsrk starts now on @StarPlus. 
"Real equality means valuing family just as much as work, and understanding that the two reinforce each other." 
How bots will improve your life:  @ashwinram #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch
The quest to be the perfect lover is a modern delusion: 
Why AI should stand for “alien intelligence”: 
"We need to think about how to design social media experiences that promote civility and reward thoughtfulness." 
TED Talk deep cuts, Vol. 1:  
The future of fake meat:  
"Let’s move beyond shallow 'awareness' of autism to appreciate autistic people in the fullness of their humanity." 
What will the year 2050 look like? Here's a sneak peek:  @anabjain #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch
These families are just like yours, with one important difference:  
"Autistic people are one of the largest disenfranchised minorities in the world."  @stevesilberman
How to find the courage to do what you love, even when failure is likely: 
You might not care about gecko feet now, but you'll love them after this talk: 
"One should never, ever remain silent for fear of complexity." @Elif_Safak 
5 #TEDTalks to watch when you want to let go of regret:  
By gathering and analyzing data about local Indian villages, @Social_Cops helps them plan and serve their residents more effectively:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @prukalpa
How India's mission to Mars succeeded on its first try — and made history:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayisoch
How language can affect the way we think:  
"My advice would be to slow down. Take the time to figure out something you are really passionate about." @sundarpichai, CEO of @Google #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
Kid piano star Lydian Nadhaswaram studies with Bollywood music legend @arrahman. #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
@MarkRuffalo Thank you for sharing @justinbaldoni's wonderful idea, Mark!
@bellebelle_7 😍
@Megan_Saunders_ Honestly, we can't think of a better way to spend a weekend.
Beacon Hill Village provides a fun, empowering alternative to retirement communities. 
Feeling beaten up? Here's how to become a more resilient person:  @drmegjay
8 ways to become a more resilient person:  @drmegjay 
This new kind of community is creating a better aging experience:  
Already exhausted by 2018? Here's how to boost your resilience:  @drmegjay
This man has one goal: to make you love birds.  #NationalBirdDay
3 #TEDTalks to watch when you have a big decision to make:  
"Solitude matters -- for some people it is the air that they breathe." 
The struggle is real. 
Remember back in the day when you did one thing at a time? You should try that again. 
Our most vital relationship is with our planet:   @BittuSahgal #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch
These maps show the way we really live:  @dannydorling 
"I noticed a shift in the way that I was treated at home. My roommates wouldn't touch anything of mine, and they wouldn't eat anything I had cooked." 
Why we should talk to kids about pleasure and sensation:  @SueJayeJohnson 
We should stop describing someone who doesn't have an STI as "clean." Here's why: 
"Seek education when faced with ignorance, and always be mindful, and always be compassionate." 
This is what it's like to live with HIV: 
Our treatment of HIV has advanced significantly. Why hasn't the stigma changed?  
What did you learn from your parents that you want to pass along to your own children? @karanjohar #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
A mind-blowing set of acoustic rhythms:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch
“Young man, age is like the sugar in a tea cup, and the last sip is always the sweetest!” #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @samarjodha 
"Anything said on social media cannot be taken back, just like an arrow that’s left a bow doesn’t come back." #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
11 must-see #TEDTalks:  
"Every day in America, 137 black women die from heart disease. That's every 11 minutes." @MorganTreks @GirlTrek 
For freedom fighters and everyday heroes, walking can be a revolutionary act of self-care:  @GirlTrek
Before you stay home to avoid your family because you’re afraid of an argument, consider opening up instead: 
We can get a lot smarter about how we use water. Here's how:  @MazahrehLana
It's time to talk about changing relationships. 

Watch the full talks from #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch episode three:  
You don't have to feel powerless at your performance review. Go in prepared. 
Everyone deserves to be safe from sexual violence:  @jasmeenpatheja #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
3 thoughtful ways to conserve water:  @MazahrehLana 
Are you starting a bold project in 2018? Do you need a space to help expand your vision? Apply for the TED Residency by January 5, 2018:  
5 innovative talks by TED Residents:  
What makes you who you are: your genetics or your experiences? @TEDRadioHour 
The magic of talking to strangers:  @kiostark
Watch this when you feel like your life is a mess: 
“Going to America opened doors for me to live up to my full God-given potential.” @chrisategeka @TEDFellow 
The tree in your yard has a lot to say.  
Focus less on what you need to do — and more on why you want to do it. 
“These strangers showed me true love. These strangers showed me that I mattered, that my dreams mattered.” @chrisategeka @TEDFellow 
Where your emotions come from — and how to control them:  @LFeldmanBarrett
You aren't at the mercy of your emotions. Your brain creates them.  @LFeldmanBarrett 
A vision of love from a 318-year-old hologram:  @monicabyrne13 #NationalScienceFictionDay 
9 TED Talks to help you live out your sci-fi dreams:  #NationalScienceFictionDay 
Safety instructions for a new year:  via @TEDFellow 
The next generation of sci-fi has arrived:  @Nnedi #NationalScienceFictionDay
How adoption worked for me:  @chrisategeka @TEDFellow 
“What do you want to use your words for? To spread hatred or love?” @mehartweets #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
13 brilliant teens who will give you hope for the future: 
10 #TEDTalks on why we do the things we do:  
How to gracefully end any conversation: 
Ready for a more inspiring New Year's resolution? Try one of these: 
"It felt like I was asking them to infect me with smallpox instead of obtain birth control." 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
"The best time to work on your marriage is before you have one." 
"Monogamy used to be one person for life. Today, monogamy is one person at a time." 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think: 
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
11 TED Talks on the future of the global economy:  
This is why diets can be so frustrating: 
Why aren't you moving up at work? The career advice you probably didn’t get: 
Make 2018 the year you actually feel rested. 
Ask for a raise this year. 
A simple trick to help you keep your resolutions this year: 
Try something new this year. 
12 fantastic TED Talks you definitely haven't seen:  
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." 
How to react to a bully in a comment thread:  
Should your driverless car kill you if it means saving five pedestrians? @iyadrahwan 
Why we see the world the way we do: 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
This is your brain on listening:  @HassonLab
Watch these talks before your family asks what you're doing with your life: 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
Love yourself. 
It's time to dream of tomorrow's world. #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch with @iamsrk is starting now on @StarPlus. Will you be watching? 
This performance will change the way you think about sex work:  @jonesarah
"Sooner or later, I think we all wonder: Is this all there is?" @EmEsfahaniSmith 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
If you've ever loved an addict, this talk is for you: 
What are you doing with your life?! 
4 TED speakers offer fresh perspectives on the future of education:  via @TEDRadioHour
Which one of these resolutions would you try? 
What are your New Year's resolutions for 2018? 
"Always be looking for that which you do well and that which you love doing." 
5 communication tips to help you be a better parent:  @sheljasen #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch
10 stunning buildings show the future of architecture:  
Why we need to build a world that works for introverts too:  
Want a career you really love? These talks can help you find it: 
What if you had a memory that was as good as a computer's? With AI, you might soon. 
If you haven’t made your New Year’s resolutions yet, here's a little inspiration. 
The most popular TED Talks of 2017:  
Here's why your body prefers to poop at home: 
We need to work with, not against, AI: 
Worried about smart machines taking over the world? Here's what we need to think about first: 
How to make New Year’s resolutions that actually work out this time: 
Why losing someone you love only makes you want them more: 
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
5 questions to help you get to know your family better: 
7 TED Talks to help you find a career you really love: 
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
"I hope that if your burden gets too heavy, you'll ask for a hand." 
2017 was a lot. 
12 TED Talks to inspire your New Year's resolutions: 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
Creative New Year's resolutions that you might actually want to keep. 
Because no one enjoys talking about the weather. 
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
Forget big data. It's time for thick data. 
"If nobody told you they loved you today, you remember I do." How one brave principal saved a school: 
Because "lose weight" is boring for the 10th year in a row. 
"There is no greater joy than working together." 
This is what makes a good life. 
Try these fascinating experiments to see how your mind works:  
Fireflies are public health champions: 
How to find work you love:  
Why we must teach our children how to be alone: 
It isn't selfish to decide you don't want children. 
You may have more control over aging than you think. 
"A simple mistake can tell me what you're not, or it can remind me of why I should love you." 
Don't say we didn't warn you. 
Short on time? These talks are 3 minutes or less: 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you feel totally burned out: 
"If we married for love, what does it mean, now, to be married without love?" 
Well, this explains a lot. 
Life is short. Take some selfies. Keep a journal. 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
How AI can enhance your memory, work and social life:  
20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time...have you seen them all? 
3 quick and clever poems about odd love: 
A crash course in how to recognize deception: 
How to know if your dog really loves you: 
Well, this explains a lot. 
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
10 reasons to love — and support — our teachers: 
Want to reach your goals in the new year? Stop believing these 5 myths about success: 
Do you prefer your own company? You're not alone. 
"If you're tired of going to work and making money for other people, then you're probably tired of capitalism." 
"If you want to tell someone that you'll love them forever and ever, give them a theorem!" 
"One of my suggestions for improving education is very basic: pay teachers like the professionals they are." 
"To be tender is to accept your loved one's weaknesses." 
"Algorithms are opinions embedded in code." @mathbabedotorg 
Have six minutes to spare? Plenty of time to learn 40 Chinese characters:  
Why it's so hard to stick to a New Year's resolution: 
"If we don't teach our children to be alone, they will only know how to be lonely." 
How our education system fails young boys, and what we can do to fix it: 
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
A travel writer shares his tips for flying without all the stress: 
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
"No matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal." 
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
The bittersweet joys of childhood — and how to hold them in mind: 
Is it better to take one long vacation or a few short ones? Let's check the research: 
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
Raise your hand if you’re afraid of AI! 
So here's a fun question: How does the mammalian erection work? 
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
The factors in childhood that predict success later in life: 
56 books to read in 2018, recommended by TED speakers:  
How to recover when you feel rejected or lonely: 
"If the future does not include being among the stars as a multi-planet species, I find that depressing." @elonmusk 
This could be the secret to a truly satisfying night's sleep. @DanGartenberg 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
The best possible way to overcome your fear of rejection: 
"Joy is so important to your health." Why healthy behaviors won't stick unless there's some joy in them: 
A clever, easy way to turn family chaos into peace and calm: 
"When you connect with people around a shared interest, serendipitous things happen in the future." 
Simple ways to help yourself commit to a goal and stick with it: 
Why it's so hard to stick to a New Year's resolution: 
Forget the standard four-wheel car. This is the future of transportation: 
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
The true story of the woman behind the DNA helix. #MissingInHistory @DoSomething 
Watch Shah Rukh Khan's favorite TED Talks:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @iamsrk 
The most popular TED Talks of 2017:  
It's time to talk about changing relationships. #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch with @iamsrk is starting now on @StarPlus. Are you watching? 
5 facts you should know about the women who shaped modern physics:  #MissingInHistory @DoSomething
Feeling overwhelmed? Here are 12 truths you can be absolutely sure of:  @ANNELAMOTT
How to get the most out of meetings — and not waste your time. 
Want to be a good friend? Erase this sentence from your vocabulary:  
This powerful talk by Bryan Stevenson got the longest standing ovation in TED's history: 
"Today, I'm here to share the experience of what it's like to be the mother of someone who kills and hurts." 
What the longest study on childhood tells us about parenting: 
The surprising differences between introverts and extroverts: 
"The way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep." 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
"You may think it is ignorant to speak broken English, but even articulate Americans sound foolish to the British." 
70 books to read when you’re looking for a completely different perspective on life: 
"Joy is so important to your health." Why healthy behaviors won't stick unless there's some joy in them: 
Please, for the love of all that is good in this world, let the teens sleep. 
.@Umesh_Sachdev is working on technology that can recognize language, dialect, tone and even feelings conveyed through the human voice. #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
Great science fiction writers don't just imagine the future, they shape it: 
"Our economy, our society, we're losing out because we're not raising our girls to be brave."  @reshmasaujani
"Fear has a very concrete power of keeping us from doing and saying the things that are our purpose." @Luvvie 
Jurassic Park isn't science fiction anymore. 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
"I was a chubby-cheeked five-year-old when I joined my family on the picket line for the first time." @meganphelps 
Have you ever wondered what math is for? Here's your answer.  
"Work with me on how we teach our sons to be men -- that it's okay to have feelings and emotions." 
"You've got to identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most." How to achieve lasting success: 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
The impact of algorithms on everything from architecture to online dating: 
TED's secret to great public speaking: 
A joyful, fast look at African-American social dance, from the Charleston to the Dougie. #MissingInHistory @DoSomething 
Our advice? Focus on honoring the meaningful relationships in your life. 
Our 4 step guide to surviving the holiday season: 
A beautiful talk about the complicated, joyful journey of raising a rare girl:  @heatherklanier
3 tips for dealing with loneliness: 
An architect’s bold plan to build Africa’s future:  @CBenimana
"Your fears distort your reality. Under the warped logic of fear, anything is better than the uncertain." 
6 TED Talks on how your brain constructs reality: 
"Love is a process. Thinking of it as binary causes us to be unduly concerned that it's fraudulent or inadequate." 
The next generation of African architects and designers:  @CBenimana 
The most popular TED Talks of 2017:  
"What has life taught you?" is the best question to ask anyone. #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @deepak1811 
Writer @Andrew_Solomon takes you to the darkest corners of his mind during the years he battled depression: 
Need a little inspiration to share your voice? #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
These three explorers wouldn't take no for an answer. #MissingInHistory @DoSomething 
Born in 1731 to freed slaves on a farm in Baltimore, Benjamin Banneker was a mathematical and scientific genius. 

Learn more about his legacy:  #MissingInHistory @DoSomething
"The world's population is over seven billion. There are seven billion mistakes that we can learn from. Seven billion life lessons that you can use to face any problem you encounter." #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @deepak1811 
5 communication tips to help you be a better parent:  @sheljasen #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch
Thoughtful reflections on every age: 
Maps that show us who we are (not just where we are):  @dannydorling 
Bored over the holidays? Looking for a last-minute gift? Support the work of our awesome @TEDFellow program. 
What will your apartment look like in 2050? Take a peek. 
"When we listen and understand with our hearts, we can accept children as they are, not as we would like them to be." @sheljasen #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
This painter shows us how to find the complex history hidden in art:  #MissingInHistory @DoSomething
Why dieting doesn't usually work: 
"Love is an action, not a feeling. Love is a way of being, it's a way of doing, it's a way of listening and it's a way of seeing." @drdebwillis @hankwthomas 
A mother and son united by love and art:  @drdebwillis @hankwthomas 
How trees talk to each other:  
How far will your holiday gifts travel to reach you? Inside the secret shipping industry: 
How diets affect your brain -- and why this healthy alternative may be more effective: 
Eyewitness videos are the best tools to fight injustice. Here's why:  @witnessorg
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
"We cannot bear a pointless torment, but we can endure great pain if we believe that it's purposeful." 
Your Christmas tree once had a very active social life. 
The complex social lives of trees: 
The power of citizen video to create undeniable truths:  @witnessorg 
"Books tell us who we've been, who we are, who we will be." 
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
"I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys, because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me." 
In the 1970s, the Khmer Rouge killed off a staggering 90% of Khmer dance artists. Now dance is a way to remember and rebuild. @TEDFellow 
This may be the secret to building your emotional intelligence. @DrTiffWattSmith 
A vehicle built in Africa, for Africa:  @MobiusMotors 
"Depression doesn’t diminish a person’s desire to connect with other people, just their ability." #TalkingAboutIt 
"Learn to respect words. Love them. Befriend them. Listen to them attentively. And speak attentively." @Javedakhtarjadu #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
Think the fight for #NetNeutrality in the US is over? It’s just beginning.  
Getting experienced, personal advice from a mentor is priceless.  @Atul_Gawande
You don't have to feel powerless at your performance review. Go in prepared. 
This may be the secret to building your emotional intelligence. @DrTiffWattSmith 
The history of human emotions:  @DrTiffWattSmith 
6 tips for receiving and responding to feedback: 
56 books to read in 2018, recommended by TED speakers:  
India has one of the strongest #NetNeutrality regulations in the world. The U.S. should follow its path. 
"Depression doesn’t diminish a person’s desire to connect with other people, just their ability." #TalkingAboutIt 
Celebrate the power of words. 

Watch the full talks from #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch episode two:  
End the year on a high note with these beautiful books recommended by TED speakers: 
The gift of words:  @Javedakhtarjadu #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
No one can master their craft alone. Here's why we all need a coach:    @Atul_Gawande
It's time to explore the power of words! #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch with @iamsrk is starting now on @StarPlus. Are you watching? 
This is new thinking. Watch the full talks from the first episode of #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch:  
Good news! Robots will let us create jobs we actually enjoy.  @heydavidlee
These are the best TED Talks of 2017, according to @TEDChris: 
"There’s a chasm that exists. On one side are people with depression, and on the other side is everyone else and they’re asking, 'Why you gotta be so depressed?'" #TalkingAboutIt 
"Depression doesn’t diminish a person’s desire to connect with other people, just their ability." #TalkingAboutIt 
These robots can look for survivors in places that emergency responders can't reach. 
This inventor captures air pollution and turns it into ink:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @touchaddict
Watch @Javedakhtarjadu's new talk about the power of words on #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch, this Sunday at 7pm on @StarPlus. 
The real reason no one can master their craft alone:    @Atul_Gawande
One of humanity’s great remaining mysteries is where we came from. But it may not be a mystery forever.  via @TEDFellow
Want to continue improving your expertise? Find a coach:  @Atul_Gawande 
"Coaches are your external eyes and ears, providing a more accurate picture of your reality." @Atul_Gawande 
The clever device collects carbon from your exhaust pipe and turns it into ink. #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @touchaddict 
Why jobs of the future won't feel like work:  @heydavidlee 
Meet Elly—the world’s first artificially intelligent dog. 
Your travel photos can save artifacts destroyed by terrorists:  
The technology we're developing now could change the world as we know it. 
Tech companies use our instincts against us. Here's what you need to know:  @profgalloway
How Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google manipulate our emotions:  @profgalloway 
Actor Adam Driver was a Marine before his Star Wars fame. He tells the story of his journey: 
This AI performed in the top 20% of students on the entrance exam for the University of Tokyo. 
Beat the holiday blues with these beautiful talks on the struggle of mental health: 
Beautiful views of our brave little planet. 
How China is changing the way we shop:  
"We must protest and make sure that the web is opened up where there is censorship." — Tim Berners-Lee #NetNeutrality 
The magic ingredient that brings @DisneyPixar movies to life:  @dafeinberg 
Drug-resistant bacteria killed nearly 700,000 people last year. By 2050, that number could be 10 million. But physics can help: 
Before he became Kylo Ren in #StarWars, Adam Driver was a United States Marine.

Watch Adam's full TED Talk about bringing theater to the military:  
Think the fight for #NetNeutrality in the US is over? It’s just beginning.  
This microscope folded out of paper costs about 100 rupees to make. #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @PrakashLab 
Watch Shah Rukh Khan's 5 favorite TED Talks:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @iamsrk 
A new weapon in the fight against superbugs:  
Why talking about race on #TheBachelorette is so important:  @VernaMyers 
Dinosaurs deserve your gosh darn respect. 
How medical marijuana helps patients manage — and feel in control of — their health:  
India has one of the strongest #NetNeutrality regulations in the world. The U.S. should follow its path. 
Here's what you should know about your pet's mental health:  @LaurelBraitman 
7 ways to join the fight to defend #NetNeutrality: 
The fight for #NetNeutrality in the US is just beginning.  
Forget political correctness. Let's try this instead:  @sallykohn
Research-backed advice on how to plan your holiday break: 
"The conventional wisdom is that to win an election, you have to dumb it down and play to your constituencies' basest, divisive instincts. And when somebody wins an election like that, the rest of us lose." @gtbynum 
This makerspace in Kenya offers a rapid prototyping environment for both professionals and people with no formal engineering background. @KamauFabLab 
56 books to read in 2018, recommended by TED speakers:  
Success stories from Kenya's first makerspace:   @KamauFabLab 
4 TED speakers discuss the benefits — and risks — of being transparent on @TEDRadioHour: 
You can grow a lush forest in the space of six parked cars. Go! #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch @shubzsharma 
Why it's time to take "informal" markets seriously:  @NitiBhan
How a blind astronomer found a way to hear the stars:  
How scientists study solar storms in outer space:  @MihoJnvr
Lessons from a solar storm chaser:  @MihoJnvr 
3 ways to convince customers to trust a new idea:  @rachelbotsman
Want to fight terrorism? Don't buy knock-off purses and watches. 
Good news! Robots will let us create jobs we actually enjoy.  @heydavidlee
5 TED speakers share their advice on communicating across a divide, political or otherwise:  @TEDRadioHour
How to make friends across the political divide:  @JohnGable
How will we build homes on the moon? 3D printing... and little bit of moondust. 
How to plant a tiny forest near you:  @shubzsharma #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
Free yourself from your filter bubbles:  @JohnGable 
It's worth having friends across the political divide. 

Here's how to meet thoughtful people who can challenge your worldview:  @JohnGable
"It is profoundly traumatizing to be told by tens of thousands of people that you need to get out." — @jonronson 
One more excuse to wrap yourself in a blanket and stay at home. 
How to build a dinosaur from a chicken. Seriously. 
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
This is new thinking. Watch all of the full talks from the first episode of #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch:  
Will the next generation of coaches be computers? 
"It's all the unanswered questions that make mathematics a living subject." The fascinating riddle of symmetry: 
Adventures of an interplanetary architect:  
Think buying a knock-off purse is harmless? Think again. 
Feel like @BuzzFeed just gets you? Here’s their secret.  @daozers
Once upon a time, you would have thought long and hard before you rented out your home to a stranger. What changed? @rachelbotsman 
Why educators must love and lead fearlessly: 
5 TED Talks on how to be an inclusive leader:  
Let's talk about stats, baby. 
Watch the first full talk from #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch, now on  

@GautamBhan80 has a bold plan to house 100 million people:  
It is extremely hard to report sexual assault on college campuses. This app can help. 
"Painting is a visual language where everything in the painting is meaningful. It's coded." 
.@BuzzFeed's data-driven secret to making content people love:  @daozers
The first American shopping mall was designed by an avant-garde European socialist. Yeah, weird. 
Watch as Dr. Nadine Hachach-Haram joins a surgeon in Minnesota performing a knee surgery, live on her laptop from the TED stage. @ProximieAR @DrNadz 
What makes something go viral?  @daozers 
A scientist explores the mysteries of the gut-brain connection:  
"If you want to tell someone that you'll love them forever and ever, give them a theorem!" 
Forget utilities — these are the properties you should really invest in. 
Why we're all really, really, really, really bad at statistics:  
When should you settle down? A mathematician's advice:  
Is radical honesty a good thing? 
Why @justinbaldoni is done trying to be "man enough":  #ManEnough 
These are @iamsrk's 5 favorite TED Talks:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
A girl's early sexual experiences shouldn't be something that she has to get over. 
The wait is over! #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch with @iamsrk is starting now on @StarPlus. Are you watching? 
What does it mean to be a good man?  
We may be able to prevent mental illness, not just treat it: 
#TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch with @iamsrk is finally here! Watch the premiere tonight on @StarPlus at 7pm. 
The impact of algorithms on everything from architecture to online dating: 
The secrets to a truly restorative vacation:  
"Over and over throughout history, people in power have used fear to silence truth and dissent." 
9 rules for focused, productive meetings: 
Why Bill Gates gives away 95% of his wealth: 
We crunched the numbers. Here's how to crush your relatives at Monopoly. 
The surprising link between cancer and the sugar coating on your cells: 
"I want women to know that your choice to embrace or forego motherhood is not in any way tied to your worthiness or identity as spouses, as adults, or as women." 
The surprising reason you're unproductive at work:

How to get the most out of meetings — and not waste your time. 
Racism has a deadly impact on our minds and bodies. Here's how. 
This could be the secret to a truly satisfying night's sleep. @DanGartenberg 
"Hidden mathematical truths permeate our whole physical world." — Cédric Villani 
This powerful talk by Bryan Stevenson got the longest standing ovation in TED's history: 
Only one more day before #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch with @iamsrk premieres on @StarPlus! 
Your gut and your brain communicate all the time. Understanding how could change the way we treat everything from anorexia to PTSD. 
9 TED Talks for when you're tired of watching the new Jurassic World trailer on repeat: 
This #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch billboard is made out of pollution fumes that have been collected and turned into ink. 

Tune in on Sunday night, Dec. 10, at 7pm on @StarPlus!  
"A crackdown on Muslim refugees is exactly the kind of thing that undermines the fight against terrorism." @DMiliband 
These are the challenges we face in creating a purely renewable world:  via @TED_ED
Say hello to the decentralized economy! The blockchain is about to change everything: 
These are @iamsrk's 5 favorite TED Talks:  #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch 
It's actually our moments of greatest fear that give us reason to hope. 
Why do happy couples cheat? And what makes a healthy relationship? We're live now on Facebook with @EstherPerel:  
How augmented reality could change the future of surgery:  @ProximieAR @DrNadz 
Detroit is home to 1,500 gardens and farms that grew 550,000 pounds of produce in 2016. @DevitaDavison 
In 2004, 191 people in Madrid lost their lives in a train bombing. The attack had been partly funded by the sale of pirate music CDs. 
Our obsession with forest fire prevention caused a new era of megafires. Here's what we need to do:  @PaulHessburg
#TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch is only two days away! @StarPlus @iamsrk 
"If the reader is important, they deserve beauty and fantasy as well."

The beautiful, hidden messages of type design:  @MartinaFlor
Want to fight terrorism? Don't buy knock-off purses and watches. 
Breaking eye contact is everything. 
Honesty can make people uncomfortable. Here's why you should be brave:  @Luvvie
How urban farming is transforming Detroit:   @DevitaDavison 
.@BuzzFeed's data-driven secret to making content people love:  @daozers
Need a polite exit strategy from a conversation? 
Don't just spread love. Spread ideas too. 

#TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch, hosted by @iamsrk, premieres on December 10th at 7pm on @StarPlus. Tune in to watch! 
What causes wildfires — and how to stop them for good:  @PaulHessburg
What makes something go viral?  @daozers 
4 ways to know if you're about to buy a knock-off from a criminal network: 
Think buying a knock-off purse is harmless? Think again. 
4 TED Talks for parents who have lost a child:  
3 days left before the premiere of #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch on @StarPlus with @iamsrk! 
These talks come from parents who have experienced loss and found a way to make it through. 
A scientist explores the mysteries of the gut-brain connection:  
6 TED Talks to help us talk about sexual assault and harassment:  #MeToo 
9 rules for focused, productive meetings: 
.@iamsrk is hosting our new television show, #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch, premiering on December 10th at 7pm on @StarPlus!

Can't wait to tune in? Watch SRK's TED Talk here:  
Think twice before you buy that knock-off purse or fake designer watch. 

Here's how counterfeit goods fund terror:  
"Believe her. Believe her." @AshleyJudd 
"When we curb abuse, we will expand freedom." — Ashley Judd 
Your gut and your brain communicate all the time. Understanding how could change the way we treat everything from anorexia to PTSD. 
How fake handbags fund terrorism and organized crime:  
"Will you be #ManEnough to stand up to other men when you hear 'locker room talk,' when you hear stories of sexual harassment?" @justinbaldoni #MeToo 
These are real tweets and Facebook comments @AshleyJudd has received. 

Watch her powerful TED Talk about why online abuse must end immediately:  
How to get the most out of meetings — and not waste your time. 
It's not too late to audition to give a TED Talk. We just extended our deadline! Learn more here: 
4 days until #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch premieres on @StarPlus with @iamsrk! 
The secret language of letter design:  @MartinaFlor 
Do you have an idea the world needs to hear? Audition now to give a TED Talk at #TED2018. 
A forgotten ancient grain that could help Africa prosper:  @chefpierrethiam 
"Collective decisions are much more accurate when people can discuss them in small groups." 
Spellbinding sci-fi stories that imagine a future Africa:  @Nnedi 
4 TED Talks to inspire new projects in 2018: 
These determined folks tried something new for 365 days and reported back. 
This could be the secret to a truly satisfying night's sleep. @DanGartenberg 
The brain benefits of deep sleep — and how to get more of it:   @DanGartenberg 
The powerful stories that shaped Africa:  
The fight for healthy, organic food in China:  @matildajyho
How groups can make good decisions:  
Take a short break to appreciate the wonder of nature:  
5 more days until #TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch with @iamsrk premieres on @StarPlus! 
The story of China’s first online farmer’s market:  @matildajyho
Decision by committee doesn't have to be a hot mess. 
Here's who you can thank for modern pain relief: 
Camels have been lying to us this entire time.  @latifnasser 
A new, and totally absurd, theory of the camel:  @latifnasser
.@kasingoma is fighting to make more space for women in percussion:  via @TEDFellow 
"It's time we recognize that we are not just part of the problem. Fellas, we are the problem. The glass ceiling exists because we put it there." @justinbaldoni #ManEnough 
Scientists are revealing the Greenland ice sheet's secrets for the first time. What they've found is amazing. @crevassse 
In October, Burundi banned all women from playing its renowned royal drums.  via @TEDFellow
"I've learned from the people of my country that the dignity of a life, a culture, a religion actually resides in its ability for grace and compassion." 

#TEDTalksIndiaNayiSoch, hosted by @iamsrk, premieres on December 10th at 7pm on @StarPlus! 
"Will you be #ManEnough to stand up to other men when you hear 'locker room talk,' when you hear stories of sexual harassment?" @justinbaldoni #MeToo 
@sara__zero Hey Sara, we have some more TED Talks for you! 😉 
.@justinbaldoni has a challenge for men: Are we strong enough to be sensitive?

Watch Justin's full TED Talk about being #ManEnough:  
Why @justinbaldoni is done trying to be "man enough":  #ManEnough 
"I have chosen to stay passionate, engaged with an open heart; I'm working on it every day." 
"Every time I lose, it takes a really long time for me to lose again." @serenawilliams 
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
"Women working together -- linked, informed and educated -- can bring peace and prosperity." 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
"If the future does not include being among the stars as a multi-planet species, I find that depressing." @elonmusk 
"Winning is super addictive. Once you experience it, you always want to get that feeling again." @serenawilliams 
"Society decides when we are old. But we all feel younger than our real ages." 
.@elonmusk discusses his new project digging ultra fast highway tunnels under LA to ease traffic: 
"I'm not trying to be anyone's savior. I'm just trying to think about the future and not be sad." @elonmusk  
"I'm not scared of being vulnerable; I don't see it as a weakness anymore."  
You may have more control over aging than you think. 
Here's how your psychology really affects your aging. 
"Fear has a very concrete power of keeping us from doing and saying the things that are our purpose." @Luvvie 
"The great problem for reform or transformation is the tyranny of common sense." 
4 TED speakers discuss the benefits — and risks — of being transparent on @TEDRadioHour: 
"Telling the truth should not be a revolutionary act." @Luvvie 
If three fast-food items are each priced at $5 but together are $12, which is overvalued? Which do we get on discount? 
Why these prisoners are getting law degrees behind bars:  
"For a line of dominoes to fall, one has to fall first, which then leaves the other choiceless to do the same." @Luvvie 
Don't be fooled by that "60% off" sticker. Here's how to spend smarter. 
Discounts dumb down our decision-making process. 
When an item is “on sale,” we act more quickly and with less thought than if the product costs the same but is marked at a "regular" price. 
Is radical honesty a good thing? 
"Fear has a very concrete power of keeping us from doing and saying the things that are our purpose." @Luvvie 
Helping prisoners get a legal education benefits them and the world. 
"People and systems count on our silence to keep us exactly where we are." @Luvvie 
"Happiness too often seems less a reflection of our actual happiness and more a reflection of how we compare ourselves to others." 
Get comfortable with being uncomfortable:  @Luvvie 
You are life’s one percent. Every other species is dead.  @laurensallan
How judges can show respect — and what happens when they do:  @JudgeVPratt 
"The ice doesn't care who's in the White House. It doesn't care which party controls your congress. It doesn't care which party controls your parliament. It just melts." @dwtitley 
How the military fights climate change:  @dwtitley 
An interview with @aguribfakim, Mauritius's first female president:  
🐦 🐦 🐦 
Fashion is a huge consumer of fossil fuels. What if we dyed fabric with bacteria instead?
  @NatsaiAudrey
How synthetic biology could fix the fashion industry's pollution problem:  @NatsaiAudrey
How @aguribfakim went from scientist to Mauritius's first female president: 
"The conventional wisdom is that to win an election, you have to dumb it down and play to your constituencies' basest, divisive instincts. And when somebody wins an election like that, the rest of us lose." @gtbynum 
A Republican mayor's plan to replace partisanship with policy:  @gtbynum 
An AI pioneer’s predictions for the future:  @SebastianThrun
The awful logic of land mines — and an app that helps people avoid them:  
The manipulative tricks tech companies use to keep your attention:  @tristanharris 
This is what teen pregnancy looks like in Latin America:  @Instagram @christian_foto 
Spellbinding sci-fi stories that imagine a future Africa:  @Nnedi 
"If people perceive they are treated fairly and with dignity and respect, they'll obey the law." @JudgeVPratt 
These automated drones deliver emergency medical supplies to remote areas:  @zipline @kellerrinaudo 
We can hack our immune cells to fight cancer.  @TEDFellow 
This unique school in Bangladesh is made of mud, straw and bamboo:  @AnnaHeringer 
The next generation of sci-fi has arrived:  @Nnedi
"Science fiction is one of the greatest and most effective forms of political writing." @Nnedi 
Watch what happens when two monkeys are offered unequal pay for the same task:  
After years of armed conflict in Colombia, death is still buried underfoot. 
How to win at evolution and survive a mass extinction:  @laurensallan 
Why 25 houses of worship were painted yellow:  @NabilaAlibhai 
Cleaners and disinfectants washed down the drain can seep into your drinking water. 
@lolrenaynay @travismcelroy 😂
Evergreen tweet. 
.@NatsaiAudrey discovered that the bacteria Streptomyces coelicolor makes a striking red-purple pigment. 
Shah Rukh Khan: What fame has taught me about humanity.  @iamsrk @StarPlus 
.@iamsrk on the power of love.

Watch Shah Rukh Khan's full TED Talk:  
"We cannot afford to be color blind. We have to be color brave." — @MellodyHobson

Watch Mellody's full TED Talk on why we must talk about race:  
.@kaylabriet creates art that explores the fear that her culture may someday be forgotten. @TEDFellow  
In 2016, the Chinese government revealed half a million food safety violations in just nine months. @matildajyho 
When this woman decided to become surgically sterilized, she faced a long battle against doctors who didn't support her choice. 
Why people of different faiths are painting their houses of worship yellow:  @NabilaAlibhai 
"The absurdity of it all was the arresting officer asking me to pay him 10,000 US dollars and the case would disappear. I refused." @CleanStartKenya 
"Entrepreneurship is the only force in human history that has lifted millions of people out of poverty." @kellerrinaudo 
In these bold, black-and-white images, unrecognized people from around the world get a chance to be seen.  
8 TED Talks to help you do better research:  
Should we donate money directly to the poor? A convincing case that yes, we should:  #GivingTuesday
These automated drones deliver emergency medical supplies to remote areas. Don't miss the strange way they land at 13:09! @zipline 
4 TED Talks about poop, because why not.  
How spending money on others can buy you happiness:  #GivingTuesday
The way we think about charity is dead wrong:  #GivingTuesday @danpallotta
"Becoming an effective altruist gives you meaning and fulfillment." #GivingTuesday 
How we're using drones to deliver blood and save lives:  @zipline @kellerrinaudo 
Good news! Robots will let us create jobs we actually enjoy.  @heydavidlee
Meet Cambodia’s first male Khmer dancer: 
Why it's time to take "informal" markets seriously:  @NitiBhan
"I want women to know that your choice to embrace or forego motherhood is not in any way tied to your worthiness or identity as spouses, as adults, or as women." 
How my dad's dementia changed my perception of death:  
"I was perplexed that I could meet all of these legal requirements and still have to face a battle in the exam room for my bodily autonomy." 
The technology we're developing now could change the world as we know it. 
Powerful photos show the reality of life on Native American reservations:  
Terrified of knocking on doors? There are other ways to make change.  @Craftivists
Here's how your psychology really affects your aging. 
Do you have an idea the world needs to hear? Audition now to give a TED Talk at #TED2018. 
9 TED Talks to watch instead of shopping:  #CyberMonday
Now's your chance to audition to give a TED Talk. 
You may have more control over aging than you think. 
The science of cells that never get old:  
The hidden opportunities of the informal economy:  @NitiBhan 
The Internet’s war to keep our attention is a race to the bottom: 
What @JudgeVPratt learned about respect while judging the worst courtroom in Newark: 
"This talk is dedicated to all the birds of the world." 
What moral decisions should driverless cars make? @iyadrahwan  
"Collective decisions are much more accurate when people can discuss them in small groups." 
What if aliens came to Lagos, Nigeria?  @Nnedi
Why jobs of the future won't feel like work:  @heydavidlee 
For the love of birds:  
Decision by committee doesn't have to be a hot mess. 
This is the best way to harness the wisdom of a crowd: 
Nervous about saying the wrong thing about trans issues? @jackisnotabird has got you covered. 
The hidden danger of donating to orphanages: 
I don't want children. Stop telling me I'll change my mind.  
An interview with the Queen of Creole Cuisine:  
"We trans people are so much more scared of you than you are of us." @jackisnotabird  
Here's why your body prefers to poop at home: 
Here's why your body prefers to poop at home: 
One or two days a week is probably the ideal amount of time to work from home. 
Why people don’t care about climate change:  @estoknes
A moving talk about a daughter's love — and of letting go and finding peace. 
How to turn apocalypse fatigue into action on global warming:  @estoknes 
Volunteer tourism does more harm than good. 
What I learned serving time for a crime I didn't commit:  @CleanStartKenya 
A must watch for anyone who wants to help children in need. 
"If we can change from calling Puff Daddy to P. Diddy, and if we apologize profusely when we've used the wrong gender pronoun for someone's pet cat, I think we can make the same effort for the real humans in our lives." @jackisnotabird #TransWeek 
Snapstreaks are a manipulative way to keep us glued to Snapchat — and teens are falling for it:  @tristanharris
"Biodiversity underpins all life on earth, and yet we keep destroying it."  
"Teenage pregnancy is not just about young pregnancies. It is about gender violence." @christian_foto 
How to ask for the thanks you want to hear: 
In developing countries, 7.3 million girls under the age of 18 give birth each year. @christian_foto  
Why we should just give the homeless homes — with no strings attached: 
This man has one goal: to make you love birds. 
Tech companies use our instincts against us. Here's what you need to know:  @profgalloway
How Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google manipulate our emotions:  @profgalloway 
Want to be happy? Slow down:  
How your friends affect your health and happiness -- for better or for worse: 
It's that time of year. Here are 5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
How Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google manipulate our emotions:  @profgalloway 
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
How to recover when you feel rejected or lonely: 
Should your driverless car kill you if it means saving five pedestrians? @iyadrahwan 
The future of home, from recycled apartment buildings to co-housing: 
It isn't selfish to decide you don't want children. 
"All the Freedom Riders, that's where they planned all their meetings. They would come and we would serve them a bowl of gumbo and fried chicken." 
The good intentions and bad consequences of volunteer tourism: 
Spare your wallet on #BlackFriday — watch these talks instead. 
Why your tummy rumbles and other gut questions: 
"I believe that a woman's value should never be determined by whether or not she has a child, because that strips her of her entire identity as an adult unto herself." 
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
What is happiness, and how can we all get some? 
What I learned as a prisoner in North Korea:  
The surprisingly charming science of your gut:  
A happy childhood has very, very long-lasting effects. 
Beautiful words of wisdom about what makes a good life, from @StoryCorps.  #TheGreatListen 
Why you should search for meaning — not happiness:  @EmEsfahaniSmith 
Before you stay home to avoid your family because you’re afraid of an argument, consider opening up instead: 
What are you thankful for this year? 
Chemotherapy kills cancer — but it kills the rest of your body, too. This might be a better option:  @TEDFellow
How to unlock your family history:  #TheGreatListen 
In Mexico, almost 1 in 2 sexually active teens get pregnant between the ages of 12 to 19 years old. @christian_foto 
"I've always believed that having children was an extension of womanhood, not the definition." 
"We have within us the capacity to manufacture the happiness we are constantly chasing." 
10 questions to ask your family at the dinner table:  #TheGreatListen
"Books have given me a portal to connect with people. I know I shall never feel lonely or powerless again." 
Watch the rest of @daveisay's beautiful TED Talk about the power of interviewing someone you love here:  @StoryCorps #TheGreatListen
This #Thanksgiving, take the time to interview someone you love.

Learn more about #TheGreatListen, via @StoryCorps:  
Interview your elders over the holidays &amp; record their stories for #TheGreatListen:  @StoryCorps 
How groups can make good decisions:  
10 questions to ask your family at the dinner table:  #Thanksgiving
"We must protest and make sure that the web is opened up where there is censorship." — Tim Berners-Lee #NetNeutrality 
What are your family's stories? Record them for #TheGreatListen this holiday season:  @StoryCorps
"I want women to know that your choice to embrace or forego motherhood is not in any way tied to your worthiness or identity as spouses, as adults, or as women." 
An easy way to end that bumper-to-bumper life: 
There are more ways to help a cause besides protesting and going door-to-door collecting signatures. 

Here's an introvert’s guide to activism:  @Craftivists
Tech companies use our instincts against us. Here's what you need to know:  @profgalloway
Meet Elly—the world’s first artificially intelligent dog. 
How Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google manipulate our emotions:  @profgalloway 
Research-backed advice on how to plan your holiday break: 
“A healthy democracy depends not only on its leaders but on its citizens’ ability to hash things out." 
What are you thankful for this year? #ThanksgivingWeek 
Why it's time to take "informal" markets seriously:  @NitiBhan
Interview your elders over the holidays &amp; record their stories for #TheGreatListen:  @StoryCorps 
Beautiful words of wisdom about what makes a good life, from @StoryCorps.  #TheGreatListen 
A travel writer shares his tips for flying without all the stress: 
This woman is going state to state to pass legislation protecting rape survivors: 
5 TED Talks to help you stay calm when you're stressed:  
At 26 years old, Amanda Nguyen has already helped pass 11 laws in the U.S. — one federal law and 10 state laws. Here's how she does it: 
8 things you should know if you want to turn your cause into a law: 
Follow the (fictional) journeys of Sarah, a 19-year-old Syrian girl, and David, a 30-year-old from Nigeria, via @TEDFellow. 
How should we talk about transgender issues?  #TDOR
"I am here, exposed, so one day there won't be a need for #TDOR." @GeenaRocero on why she came out: 
"I can no longer live my truth for and by myself. I want to help others live without shame and terror."  #TDOR
"Failure is a natural stepping stone towards perfection." @xbowers #MondayMotivation 
The hidden opportunities of the informal economy:  @NitiBhan 
A powerful poem about what it feels like to be transgender:  #TDOR
It isn't selfish to decide you don't want children. 
Here's how to turn arguments about politics into thoughtful discussions at the dinner table:  #ThanksgivingWeek
7 TED Talks about what it's like to live outside society’s outdated understanding of gender:  #TDOR 
Poor sanitation kills 1.5 million children every year. How we can save their lives:  #WorldToiletDay
"Access to sanitation is a basic human right. It is our moral, social and environmental obligation."  #WorldToiletDay
.@kaylabriet creates art that explores the fear that her culture may someday be forgotten. @TEDFellow  
"Violent jihadism is symptomatic of a clash within Islam rather than between Islam and the West." @DMiliband  
"The ice doesn't care who's in the White House. It doesn't care which party controls your congress. It doesn't care which party controls your parliament. It just melts." @dwtitley 
"Children have a much higher emotional maturity than we often think, as well as an incredible ability to empathize."   via @TEDFellow
"A crackdown on Muslim refugees is exactly the kind of thing that undermines the fight against terrorism." @DMiliband 
"I've always believed that having children was an extension of womanhood, not the definition." 
Why people don’t care about climate change:  @estoknes
How to turn apocalypse fatigue into action on global warming:  @estoknes 
11 TED Talks to watch before you have kids:  
This is what makes a good life. 
"This is more than about a hairstyle. It's about self-love and self-worth." @onmylevel_chey 
Start your weekend TED binge here. 
Here's the motivation you need to get out of your comfort zone this weekend. 
A heart-wrenching story of childhood in Afghanistan:   via @TEDFellow 
Know a climate denier? Here's how to talk to them — and be heard. 
SpotMini is a very good doggo. Watch it deliver packages, open doors and play dead in this Boston Dynamics demo: 
We crunched the numbers. Here's how to crush your relatives at Monopoly. 
Forget utilities — these are the properties you should really invest in. 
"I believe that a woman's value should never be determined by whether or not she has a child, because that strips her of her entire identity as an adult unto herself." 
@GirlTrek Congratulations, ladies!!
When this woman decided to become surgically sterilized, she faced a long battle against doctors who didn't support her choice. 
We don't trust institutions... and yet we get into cars with strangers all the time. Here's how trust is changing:  @rachelbotsman
"The majority of the victims of the appalling attacks carried out in the name of Islam are, in fact, Muslim." @DMiliband 
Have you ever wanted to give a TED Talk? Here's your chance to audition for #TED2018.  
How can we improve disaster relief?  
How my dad's dementia changed my perception of death:  
A moving talk about a daughter's love — and of letting go and finding peace. 
How tech builds trust between strangers:  @rachelbotsman
"I define trust as a confident relationship to the unknown." @rachelbotsman 
How to talk to someone who doesn’t believe in climate change:  
"Talk to trans people. Listen to us. Amplify our voices. Take the heat off of us and educate those around you so we don't have to every time." @jackisnotabird #TransWeek 
Need to get through to a climate denier? Here's what you should know. 
This is the best way to prevent terrorist attacks. 
"Adapting a novel requires entering someone’s world, becoming them in your imagination and feeling it all come to life in your mind."   via @TEDFellow
Can you figure out if these poems were written by a computer or human?  
Each year the US alone produces some two billion pounds of Styrofoam — none of which can be recycled. Until now! #AmericaRecyclesDay 
This is where your recycling actually goes. #AmericaRecyclesDay  
A new reports reveals that only 9% of the plastic created since 1950 has been recycled. 

That's all. 9% recycled. #AmericaRecyclesDay 
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why:  #NationalPhilanthropyDay
@ARounseville @chefjoseandres Hi Anna! You can watch Chef José's talk here: 
How the military fights climate change:  @dwtitley 
These heroic chefs fed 2 million meals to hungry people in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria. #ChefsForPuertoRico @chefjoseandres 
Have you picked up @DMiliband's new TED Book, "Rescue: Refugees and the Political Crisis of our Time"? Learn more here: 

Watch David's full TED Talk on how we can all help refugees:  @theIRC 
What does a mustache have to do with men's health?

Here's how @adamgarone and his friends came up with @Movember:  #Movember 
"We trans people are so much more scared of you than you are of us." @jackisnotabird  
"When you listen to somebody's story with an open heart, walk in their shoes with them, you can't help but love and care for them." 
Stop telling homeless people to pull themselves up by their bootstraps. 
This approach led to a 91% reduction in chronic homelessness over 10 years in Utah: 
"I believe every person is of value, no matter who you are." 
Put your bot-sniffing skills to the test. 
The Housing First approach to homelessness:  
Why we should just give the homeless homes — with no strings attached: 
7 TED Talks celebrate that love is love:  #marriageequality 
Was this poem written by a computer or human?  
Nervous about saying the wrong thing about trans issues? @jackisnotabird has got you covered. 
We're thrilled to share @DMiliband's new TED Book "Rescue: Refugees and the Political Crisis of our Time." Pick up your copy now:  @theIRC 
"If we can change from calling Puff Daddy to P. Diddy, and if we apologize profusely when we've used the wrong gender pronoun for someone's pet cat, I think we can make the same effort for the real humans in our lives." @jackisnotabird #TransWeek 
How to talk (and listen) to transgender people:   @jackisnotabird 
Why I put myself in danger to expose a government massacre:  @anjansun
"I love to sing because it's the fast-track route to the heart." @CynthiaErivo 
"The absurdity of it all was the arresting officer asking me to pay him 10,000 US dollars and the case would disappear. I refused." @CleanStartKenya 
The case for perfectionism:  @xbowers
What do you think all new parents should know? 
On the eve of Donald Trump’s visit to the Philippines, here's what life is like on the ground.  via @TEDFellow
Philippine police forces have killed up to 12,000 people in a brutal crackdown on suspected drug dealers and users.  via @TEDFellow
"Failure is a natural stepping stone towards perfection." @xbowers 
Join us now for a live conversation with Meg Jay about how to show courage and strength in hard times:  
What I learned serving time for a crime I didn't commit:  @CleanStartKenya 
11 TED Talks to watch before you have kids:  
Have you met these two types of narcissists?  
Why Bill Gates gives away 95% of his wealth: 
"The Internet is the most amazing stimulant for post-hoc reasoning and demonization." @JonHaidt 
What will sports look like in the future? How science and technology are changing the playing field: 
A forgotten Space Age technology could change how we grow food:  
What if it doesn't rain? How satellite technology helps African farmers insure against drought: 
A lyrical meditation on who we are, how we live and how we love:  @whytedw
Why exciting new medical technology should never replace the physical exam: 
Glow-in-the-dark bike paths and other magical city designs:  @SRoosegaarde 
Thought-provoking, personal talks about sexual violence and how it shapes the world: 
"Science fiction is one of the greatest and most effective forms of political writing." @Nnedi 
"A human being can never be broken. Technology is broken. Technology is inadequate." 
What @JudgeVPratt learned about respect while judging the worst courtroom in Newark: 
"If people perceive they are treated fairly and with dignity and respect, they'll obey the law." @JudgeVPratt 
"The moment you admit to loving someone, you admit to having a lot to lose." — @LenMandy 
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
"We're designing technologies that will give us the illusion of companionship without the demands of friendship." 
"Bobby Riggs was the former #1 player, and I admired him. That's the reason I beat him, actually: I respected him." 
This new video technology reveals an object's hidden properties, with mindblowing implications: 
This new lie-detection technology could someday reveal our hidden emotions. 
Out of 155 species of voles, only the prairie vole manages to fall and stay in love. 
This man has one goal: to make you love birds. 
"We are witnessing the decline of facts, when emotions rule." @Sisonkemsimang 
Thank you for your service. #VeteransDay #TheyServed 
"People have sex for many reasons, some because they want a baby, but most of us have sex because it feels good." 
"There are facts, there are opinions, and there are lies." @deborahlipstadt 
In defense of facts. 
In a time when irrationality seems to rule both politics and culture, has reasoned thinking finally lost its power? 
In this art therapy program, veterans create masks to reveal truths about themselves:  #VeteransDay #TheyServed 
The real reason why humans run the world:  
"I wanted people to ask about my experiences, and the only question I got was: Did you shoot anybody?"  #VeteransDay #TheyServed
"Everyone's entitled to their opinion. But you're not entitled to your own facts." 
Which is more powerful, emotion or reason? 
The choices we make when we fall in love: 
Watch our panel discussion with @SyriaDeeply and the creators of the Syrian War documentary #TheVolunteersDoc: 
Everything you need to know about life, from finding love to achieving success: 
The surprising reason you're unproductive at work:

Easy ways to figure out what's fact and fiction on the Internet: 
How women in combat are redefining femininity:  #VeteransDay 
"'Thank you for your service' means acknowledging our stories. Asking us who we are."  #VeteransDay #TheyServed
Remind you of anyone? 
How judges can show respect — and what happens when they do:  @JudgeVPratt 
The 2 types of narcissists you’ll meet at work:  
6 principles for building more resilient cities: 
4 bad habits of terrible communicators:  
This is what makes a good life. 
How to solve the biggest problems facing our cities: 
This is the bright side of boredom. 
6 TED Talks to help you talk about sexual assault:  
These are the biggest risks facing cities:  
Put your phone down. Your brain will thank you. 
What is life like when you have a chronic illness that doctors don't understand? 

Join us now for a live conversation with filmmaker @jenbrea:  
The next generation of sci-fi has arrived:  @Nnedi
"The true illness in our society today is our unwillingness to confront failure." @xbowers 
7 TED Talks to watch when your company is going through "changes": 
"Failure is a natural stepping stone towards perfection." @xbowers 
"To say that seeking perfection is too stressful is like saying that exercise is too exhausting. In both cases, if you want the results, you've got to endure the pain." @xbowers 
We should aim for perfection -- and stop fearing failure:  @xbowers 
This could help clean up air pollution in Delhi, India -- and everywhere else too. 
"We're all on a one-way street, and what are we going to do to have no regrets looking back?" — Diana Nyad 
This giant vacuum turns smog into diamonds.

See more of @SRoosegaarde's magical, earth-friendly designs:  
How @aguribfakim went from scientist to Mauritius's first female president: 
President Ameenah Gurib-Fakim is first Muslim female head of state in Africa.  
7 TED Talks to watch when you're having trouble letting go: 
7 TED Talks to help you move on from whatever holds you back: 
7 TED Talks to help end the silence around sexual assault and abuse: 
Rushing to put out each and every forest fire has actually made wildfires worse.  @PaulHessburg
A photographer bears witness to the Rohingya crisis:  @TEDFellow 
11 TED Talks by brilliant women in STEM:  #STEMDay
@GeoffGoens oh my goodness that is a fancy bird
"This talk is dedicated to all the birds of the world." 
@SPPS_Richardson Happy to help, Paul!
Watch @GretchenCarlson's TED Talk about how we can end sexual harassment at work:  #MeToo 
An interview with @aguribfakim, Mauritius's first female president:  
Want to achieve your goals? Pick up these 4 habits: 
How we doubt, blame and silence sexual assault survivors:  @iherco
Our obsession with forest fire prevention caused a new era of megafires. Here's what we need to do:  @PaulHessburg
For the love of birds:  
Everything you need to know about the counterintuitive science of wildfires:  @PaulHessburg
"Show your kids that you value who they are as people." 
This man has one goal: to make you love birds. 
This is what makes a good life. 
4 bad habits of terrible communicators:  
How to raise successful kids without overparenting:  
5 ways to raise thoughtful, independent kids: 
How voting rights have changed since the first election in 1789:  via @TED_ED
Why women stay silent after sexual assault:  @iherco 
"There is no such thing as not voting. Not voting is voting, for everything that you may oppose." #ElectionDay 
14 posters that will make you want to go vote:  #ElectionDay 
🐦 🐦 🐦 
#Enough mass shootings. 

Watch @DanGrossPAX's full TED talk here:  
Giant clams weigh as much as three baby elephants!! @TEDFellow 
12 TED Talks that will restore your faith in humanity:  
This is what it's like to be the mother of a mass shooter: 
"I realized that the man who I loved so much was going to kill me." 
The US would be a safer place if thousands of guns weren't sold every day without background checks.   
Should you know how much your coworkers get paid? @davidburkus  @davidburkus 
"90% of Americans support expanding background checks to all gun sales -- including more than 80% of gun owners." 
How we can end sexual harassment at work:  @GretchenCarlson 
"Enough of the mass shootings in malls and movie theaters and churches and schools." @DanGrossPAX #Enough 
“We have to keep telling our stories, giving them to each other, or they will eat us alive.” @LidiaYuknavitch 
In Iceland, baby names are approved (or rejected) by this committee. 
"Divorce is not the end of a family; it’s a reorganization." @EstherPerel 
4 thought-provoking questions to spark conversation:  
"When we lose a loved one, we still love them. And I wasn’t ready to stop loving." 
How to end a marriage with grace and respect:  @EstherPerel 
What if aliens came to Lagos, Nigeria?  @Nnedi
We're building a dystopia just to make people click on ads:  @zeynep 
Reinvent your living space with the guidance of these design experts. 
.@BreneBrown's advice on how to feel like you truly belong:  
Here's why your body prefers to poop at home: 
The results were more like drunk Conan O’Brien than real Conan O’Brien. 
"To these trolls, I wasn't a human. I was an idea, an object, a caricature." 
These aren't your average selfies. 
The dark side of charismatic leaders:  
.@shondarhimes on the future of television and storytelling:  
Life is short. Take some selfies. Keep a journal. 
4 TED Talks on the power of asking for what you want:  
Intelligent machines have learned to control you — and we don’t know how they did it:  @zeynep
What Tunisia’s education system gets right:  @amelkarboul
What the world’s best education systems get right:  @amelkarboul
Big ideas you don't have to wait to put into action. 
Don't say we didn't warn you. 
This is what truly leads someone to change their worldview. 
Why your tummy rumbles and other gut questions: 
This is why you get such great ideas in the shower: 
Ask yourself this question every time you pick up your phone: 
The simple truth about good parenting: 
The most hackable device on the planet? Your own mind:  @LauraLGalante
Chemotherapy kills cancer — but it kills the rest of your body, too. This might be a better option:  @TEDFellow
70 books to read when you’re looking for a completely different perspective on life: 
4 tips for talking to people you disagree with:  
Start your weekend TED binge here. 
What the longest study on childhood tells us about parenting: 
"Your life isn't just a list of events. You can edit, interpret and retell your story." @EmEsfahaniSmith 
"Even when there's absolutely nothing wrong, I sometimes get this overwhelming sense of doom." 
Here's the motivation you need to get out of your comfort zone this weekend. 
We collected the best advice from TED Talks on how to reach your goals:  
The global learning crisis — and what to do about it:   @amelkarboul 
Spice up the dinner table with these fun scientific debates. 
That's a wrap! Thank you all for joining us at #TEDWomen this week! Stay tuned for talks to go up online. 
"The choice to love our opponents is moral and pragmatic, and it opens up the possibility of reconciliation." @valariekaur #TEDWomen
"Love is more than a rush of feeling. Love is sweet labor — fierce, bloody, imperfect, life-giving." @valariekaur #TEDWomen
How can you talk to family members with different political views? @sallykohn gives her advice backstage at #TEDWomen. 
"A prison is the worst building type we could have created to address the harm we're doing to each other." @deannavanburen #TEDWomen
"Discomfort is the price of admission to a meaningful life." @SusanDavid_PhD #TEDWomen
3 things you should do first if you're experiencing sexual harassment at work. Backstage at #TEDWomen with @GretchenCarlson: 
@lakeya_cherry @TEDWomen So glad to hear that, Lakeya!! Which talks have you loved most?
"We all are against hate, and we all think hate is a problem, but we think it's *their* problem. Not our problem." @sallykohn #TEDWomen
"I promise you, none of us pops out of the womb hating black people or Republicans." @sallykohn #TEDWomen
"Men, are you brave enough to be vulnerable? Strong enough to be sensitive? Confident enough to listen?" @justinbaldoni #TEDWomen
"There is something about being black in America that has made motherhood sound like mourning." @FreeQThaMighty #TEDWomen #BlackLivesMatter
"When you aren’t viewed as real people, it’s a lot easier to run over your rights." @zhaabowekwe on indigenous rights #TEDWomen
"Women just want a safe, welcoming, and harassment-free work environment. That's it." @GretchenCarlson #TEDWomen
"Reporting sexual harassment can be, in many cases, career ending." @GretchenCarlson on making the workplace safer for women #TEDWomen
The surprisingly charming science of your gut:  
"Polio remains a very real threat, especially to children in the poorest communities in the world." @mindadentler #TEDWomen
"The point of privilege is to wield it to create opportunities so other people can access that privilege." @solarforgood #TEDWomen
"Entrepreneurship means working for the world as it should be, not for the world as it is." @solarforgood #TEDWomen
Each day, Kenya's economy loses $1 million due to poor sanitation. Better systems are essential for growth, says @LindsayStradley #TEDWomen
.@DixonChibanda trains grandmothers to provide mental health care in Zimbabwe. They're proving more effective than psychiatrists. #TEDWomen
"In my country, there are 12 psychiatrists for a population of 14 million." @DixonChibanda on mental health care in Zimbabwe #TEDWomen
"The beauty of linguistic diversity is that it reveals to us just how ingenious and flexible the human mind is." @leraboroditsky #TEDWomen
Different languages can change the way people experience color, time, direction, gender, memory, and more. @leraboroditsky #TEDWomen
"Violence is a learned behavior. Non-violence can also be learned, but you have to teach it." @akhamisa #TEDWomen
We're live now with @GretchenCarlson discussing how to stop sexual harassment at work:  #TEDWomen 
"Well-designed spaces are not just a matter of taste; they literally shape our ideas of who we are and what we deserve." @johncary #TEDWomen
“Architecture remains a white, male, elitist profession unconcerned with some of the greatest challenges in the world.” @johncary #TEDWomen
"Design is the soundtrack we’re not aware is playing. It sends subconscious messages about how to feel, what to expect." @johncary #TEDWomen
Robotics now allows surgeons to do remote surgery, guiding and mentoring local doctors through procedures step by step. @DrNadz #TEDWomen
"Love enough to know that just because someone disagrees with you, does not make them your enemy." - Cleo Wade #TEDWomen
"America has the highest rate of maternal death in the developed world. It isn't going to improve without our help." @CTurlington #TEDWomen
"We all want the wheels of justice to properly turn, but our lofty ideals look really different in our courtrooms." @Eve_Abrams #TEDWomen
"By the time they reach the age of fourteen, 1 in 4 black children will see their dad go off to prison." @Eve_Abrams #TEDWomen
"We can't create cities for everyone unless we're willing to listen to everyone...about what's been lost or unfulfilled." @lizogbu #TEDWomen
"Rural isolation is a root cause of poverty." Building bridges over rivers in rural areas can raise incomes by 30%. @AveryBang #TEDWomen
"I affect change by speaking up first. By being the domino. For a lot of dominos to fall, one has to fall first." @iLuvvit #TEDWomen
#TEDWomen starts now at the @OrpheumNOLA! 
This is what truly leads someone to change their worldview. 
An ambitious proposal for removing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere: 
These diamonds are made from smog pollution:  
You are life’s one percent. Every other species is dead.  @laurensallan
This tower sucks up smog and turns it into diamonds:  
"The legacy of two decades of a shared life is larger than the legacy of the affair." @EstherPerel 
Join us on Facebook for conversations with @GretchenCarlson, @sallykohn, @justinbaldoni and Cleo Wade:  #TEDWomen 
Spellbinding sci-fi stories that imagine a future Africa:  @Nnedi 
How to win at evolution and survive a mass extinction:  @laurensallan 
Yes, you can have a successful divorce. Here's how:  @EstherPerel
Join us online for thought-provoking conversations at #TEDWomen this week! 
"We can’t expect others to spontaneously change their minds. If we want change, we have to make the case for it." 
"Dying is not scary. It's almost like we've been preparing for it our whole lives." 
4 tips for talking to people you disagree with:  
Can we stop climate change by removing CO2 from the air?  
Happy Halloween! Here are 10 spooky, creepy TED Talks to freak you out: 
"Good stories are never going to change. That essence of storytelling is never going to change." @shondarhimes 
9 TED Talks that will keep you up at night:  
Need a last-minute #Halloween costume idea? Be a TED speaker! Here's how:  
.@shondarhimes on the future of television and storytelling:  
"Music surrounded me. It made me who I was, and it gave me a place to belong." @_annikaEP 
We can hack our immune cells to fight cancer.  @TEDFellow 
"If you ever feel lost, stop and listen for your song." @_annikaEP 
The science behind some of your cat’s strangest behaviors:  #NationalCatDay
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  #NationalCatDay 
Giant clams weigh as much as three baby elephants!! @TEDFellow 
We’re nominating the giant clam for king of the ocean. @TEDFellow 
What if Facebook decided to encourage supporters of one candidate to vote over the other? 
A rare, intimate look at the lives of single mothers in Afghanistan:  
A beautiful message of hope and self-discovery from one of our youngest TED speakers:  @_annikaEP
After years of armed conflict in Colombia, death is still buried underfoot. 
3 fears about screen time for kids — and why they're not true:  @saradewitt @PBSKIDS 
Intelligent machines have learned to control you — and we don’t know how they did it:  @zeynep
How we'll earn money in a future without jobs:   @MFordFuture 
This mayor has found a better way to help the homeless:  @Mayor_Berry
Video games may teach us more about a child's cognitive learning than a standardized test can. @saradewitt @PBSKIDS 
4 TED Talks on the power of asking for what you want:  
Everything we learned from teaching dolphins to play video games: 
A practical way to help the homeless find work and safety:  @Mayor_Berry 
The simple truth about good parenting: 
If a significant part of the workforce is made redundant by machines, should we separate income from employment? 
What the longest study on childhood tells us about parenting: 
Chemotherapy kills cancer — but it kills the rest of your body, too. This might be a better option:  @TEDFellow
The factors in childhood that predict success later in life: 
Lessons on parenting from the longest-running study on childhood: 
@Emma_Marris Congratulations, Emma! 
We're building a dystopia just to make people click on ads:  @zeynep 
Facebook can easily figure out — and manipulate — your politics, even if you've never disclosed them on the site. 
The awful logic of land mines — and an app that helps people avoid them:  
Watch @CynthiaErivo's gorgeous, soulful performance from #TED2017:  
"I love to sing because it's the fast-track route to the heart." @CynthiaErivo 
"Without witnesses, we would believe that those thousands of massacred people are still alive." @anjansun 
Reinvent your living space with the guidance of these design experts. 
“The other side of destruction is always the possibility of self-expression.” @LidiaYuknavitch #MisfitsManifesto 
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
4 TED Talks to watch if you can't stand your roommates:  
My hopes, dreams, fears for my future black son:  A powerful letter by poet @ClintSmithIII.
"A war zone can pass for a mostly peaceful place when no one is watching." @anjansun 
Watch a yo-yo master show you how it's done:  
If a significant part of the workforce is made redundant by machines, should we separate income from employment? 
How we'll earn money in a future without jobs:   @MFordFuture 
Join us now for a live conversation with @RayDalio about how to build a more innovative company:  
What to do when you face a really tough decision: 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
"Hard choices are hard because there is no best option." 
10 TED Talks that'll give you a warm, fuzzy feeling:  
The surprising key to success: 
"Today, I'm here to share the experience of what it's like to be the mother of someone who kills and hurts." 
Feeling stuck? It's time to reinvent yourself. 
7 TED Talks to watch instead of pivoting to video: 
"I haven’t transcended anything. No great revelation has come my way. I haven't 'moved on.'" @LidiaYuknavitch 
Today is #DwarfismAwarenessDay. Here's what it's like to navigate the world as a little person:  @minniemelange
How diversity gives your company a competitive advantage: 
Want a more innovative company? Hire more women:  
"In a war zone, you know that you are near the killing when people have left." @anjansun 
Why I put myself in danger to expose a government massacre:  @anjansun
"Only at the end did I realize that I had witnessed the slow preparation of ethnic cleansing." @anjansun 
“We have to keep telling our stories, giving them to each other, or they will eat us alive.” @LidiaYuknavitch 
Why I risked my life to expose a government massacre:  @anjansun 
“We put ordinary forms of hope into the world so that others, scruffy or graceful, might go on.” @LidiaYuknavitch 
How you can change the way Hollywood treats women:  @NaomiMcDougallJ
Payment platforms like @Patreon could change what it means to be an artist in the digital age. 
These are the apps that suck up your time and happiness:  @adamleealter
4 ways you can help end sexism in Hollywood:  @NaomiMcDougallJ
It’s a myth that suffering makes you stronger.  @LidiaYuknavitch #MisfitsManifesto 
Happy pub day to our newest @TEDbooks, #MisfitManifesto by @LidiaYuknavitch! 

Pick up your copy here:  
"Even at the moment of your failure, you are beautiful." #MisfitsManifesto

Watch @LidiaYuknavitch's TED Talk:  
What it's like to be a woman in Hollywood:  @NaomiMcDougallJ 
5 TED Talks on how masculinity is evolving:  
What are you doing with your life?! 
"So many of the problems we see with men today can be solved by men holding their fellow men more accountable." 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
The surprising differences between introverts and extroverts: 
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
70 books to read when you’re looking for a completely different perspective on life: 
This fascinating experiment discovered the most productive and inspiring office setup: 
This list of books assigned to students everywhere will expand your horizons — and your bookshelves: 
What does it mean to be a good man?  
"Trust cannot be imposed. It has to be earned." @vestager 
Will you have regrets on your deathbed? Not if you play this game. 
What makes you unique, and how can you use it to your advantage? @michaelrkinney 
How to run a company like a visionary:  
"You don’t just 'find' your calling — you have to fight for it."  #mondaymotivation
A pro wrestler's guide to confidence:   @michaelrkinney 
"There is a unique power in art to transform and lift our limits." 
How Russia hacked the US 2016 Presidential election by exploiting the human mind:  @LauraLGalante
"Please support women artists, buy their work, insist that their voices are heard." 
This unique school in Bangladesh is made of mud, straw and bamboo:  @AnnaHeringer 
In Iceland, baby names are approved (or rejected) by this committee. 
"Being brave is easier when we can count on the compassion of others." @onmylevel_chey 
"I was called highly colorful racial slurs by those who use the anonymity of the Internet as a Klan hood." 
"Together, we can hopefully make it harder for bullies to thrive." @MonicaLewinsky #ClickWithCompassion 
"Making the decision to stray from the norm does not define who we are, but it reveals who we are." @onmylevel_chey 
Do you know your @what3words address? 
"To these trolls, I wasn't a human. I was an idea, an object, a caricature." 
Insecticide won’t stop mosquito-borne illnesses. Here’s what will: 
Big ideas you don't have to wait to put into action. 
The most hackable device on the planet? Your own mind:  @LauraLGalante
7 TED Talks to help end the silence around sexual assault and abuse: 
"Sooner or later, I think we all wonder: Is this all there is?" @EmEsfahaniSmith 
"It is time that we start seeing people as people and not simply the ideas that we project onto them." 
Ask yourself this question every time you pick up your phone: 
What kids really need to succeed in school:   @AKunduNYU
This is why you get such great ideas in the shower: 
This is what happens in your brain when your body is on autopilot:  @manoushz
"Being different isn't easy, especially in Russia."  
Start your weekend TED binge here. 
The surprising mental benefits of being bored out of your mind:  @manoushz
"This is more than about a hairstyle. It's about self-love and self-worth." @onmylevel_chey 
How we use our cellphones to distract ourselves from the hard work of actually thinking:  @manoushz
"Your life isn't just a list of events. You can edit, interpret and retell your story." @EmEsfahaniSmith 
Why you should search for meaning — not happiness:  @EmEsfahaniSmith 
Why former President Jimmy Carter believes the mistreatment of women is the number one human rights abuse: 
Not all entrepreneurs are twenty-something app developers. @paulietaz 
"One weekend, one conversation -- hell, one glance -- can change everything." @dhbaron 
Here's the motivation you need to get out of your comfort zone this weekend. 
"It's easy to sell rebranded Mein Kampf ideas to a generation who has been failed by public schools." 
"Writing teaches us awareness. It teaches us to pay attention, to savor the moment." #WhyIWrite @annelamott 
Watch what happens when you hook a Venus flytrap up to an EKG:  @phineasgreg 
"As an artist, you must love yourself so much that this power will make people believe in what you make.” 
These aren't your average selfies. 
What’s the difference between a self-portrait and a selfie? 
A human-robot dance duet:  
The powerful stories that shaped Africa:  
Watch this spell-binding dance of man and machine: 
Do you know your @what3words address? 
"One should never, ever remain silent for fear of complexity." @Elif_Safak 
.@camanpour on how to seek truth in the era of fake news:  
“Asking the president to do less can indeed allow him or her to accomplish more." 
"Stories can punch holes in our mental walls. And through those holes, we can get a glimpse of the other." 
Is it time to redesign the US presidency? 
The US presidency has become an impossible job — for anyone. Here’s how to fix it.  
"Having feelings isn't a sign of weakness. Feelings mean we're human." 
"I hope that if your burden gets too heavy, you'll ask for a hand." 
A precise, three-word address for every place on earth:  @what3words @ChrisSheldrick2 
"Even when there's absolutely nothing wrong, I sometimes get this overwhelming sense of doom." 
Tune in now for our live conversation with @MonicaLewinsky about why we must end bullying:  #BeStrong 
These are @MonicaLewinsky’s favorite TED Talks about bullying prevention:  #BullyingPreventionMonth 
"There is a unique power in art to transform and lift our limits." 
6 TED Talks to inspire healthier communities:  
14 bits of advice that will make you a better writer: 
Spellbinding portraits that transform people into whatever they want to be:  @TEDFellow 
Join us at 3:30pm EST for a live conversation with @MonicaLewinsky about why we must end bullying:  #BeStrong
Why babies are so obsessed with iPhones:  
The history of the universe in 8 TED Talks:  
The new age of corporate monopolies:  @vestager 
The answer says more about parents than about the iPhone itself. 
8 TED Talks to watch when you’re in the mood for adventure:  
How to foster fair competition in the age of Google:  @vestager
"No matter how separated we are by what we think and believe, we are part of the same spiritual story." @BreneBrown 
"When we lose a loved one, we still love them. And I wasn’t ready to stop loving." 
"True belonging only happens when we present our authentic, imperfect selves to the world." @BreneBrown 
This elementary school teacher lets students tweet and post on Instagram in class. Here’s why: 
Why you should do an inventory of what you want from your marriage: 
We can hack our immune cells to fight cancer.  @TEDFellow 
.@BreneBrown's advice on how to feel like you truly belong:  
"I realized that the man who I loved so much was going to kill me if I let him." #DVAM2017 
The math of melting glaciers:  @crevassse
Chemotherapy kills cancer — but it kills the rest of your body, too. This might be a better option:  @TEDFellow
"Abuse thrives in silence. You have the power to end domestic violence by shining a light on it." #Safety4Survivors 
“The only thing that could’ve stopped me from being raped that night is the man who raped me.” @thordiselva  
"True belonging is what you carry in your heart, finding the sacredness in being a part of something." @BreneBrown 
How to build a marriage that truly meets your needs:  
Why we must recognize — and stand against — Holocaust denial and white supremacy:  @deborahlipstadt 
What's hidden under the Greenland ice sheet?  @crevassse 
Here's how LIGO made the the Nobel Prize-winning discovery of gravitational waves: 
The life of a senior citizen and first-time entrepreneur:  @paulietaz
Charismatic leaders appear to hurt the ability of their listeners to make critical decisions. 
These extraordinary Antarctic plants have superpowers:  
The dark side of charismatic leaders:  
4 TED Talks on the harmful effects of online abuse:  #ClickWithCompassion 
How LIGO helps us literally hear the universe speaking to us:  @AllanAdamsYG
Rule #1: If your boss or work environment are abusive, leave immediately. 
"I am part of a large, everyday group of men who have been sexually violent toward their partners." 
How could we make screen time better for kids? 

Watch @saradewitt's full TED Talk here:  @PBSKIDS 
"Far too often, responsibility is attributed to female survivors of sexual violence, and not to males who enact it." 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied:  #ClickWithCompassion
Would you be comfortable giving your boss this kind of feedback? #NationalBossDay 

Watch @RayDalio's TED talk here:  
When your boss tells you to stop chatting and get to work, show them this talk: 
Don't be a bad boss. #NationalBossDay 
How I became an entrepreneur at 66:  @paulietaz 
How deportation tears communities apart:  @duartegeraldino 
Can you match the US president to their word chart?  @RLukeDuBois 
"The time now is to move from mourning and grief to action and transformation." @sandylocks 
Why you should take a senior on a bike ride:  @CycleWithoutAge 
"No matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal." 
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
"One should never, ever remain silent for fear of complexity." @Elif_Safak 
This small wheeled robot can follow you around and carry your stuff:  
What kind of city would you build with this video game?  @pelikaroliina
10 things to consider before you walk out in the middle of a meeting. 
It's time to stop spending your days complaining, says leadership expert @simonsinek. 
A delicate, powerful performance of spoken word, violin and dance: 
"Music is something that lives inside of you. You create it and you're created by it." @_annikaEP 
The next step in nanotechnology:  @gtulevski 
Hear how this teen scientist developed a cost-effective, eco-friendly way to purify water:  @TheDeepikaKurup
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
The world is entering a new "cool war," says @djrothkopf. 
"The potential for devastating conflict between major powers is greater than it has ever been." @djrothkopf 
We’re nominating the giant clam for king of the ocean. @TEDFellow 
NASA has a plan to combat "rogue interstellar objects" — and even a Planetary Defense Officer. 
How screen time can help kids learn and bond:  @saradewitt @PBSKIDS
"We are using the same word to talk about love that we use to explain a plague of locusts." @LenMandy 
Scientists are experimenting with converting computer files into DNA strands. Here's how it works:  via @TED_ED
Video games may teach us more about a child's cognitive learning than a standardized test can. @saradewitt @PBSKIDS 
"Screens have the power to prompt more real-life conversations between kids and their parents." @saradewitt @PBSKIDS 
This spoken word performance is a beautiful lesson on self-expression: 
3 fears about screen time for kids — and why they're not true:  @saradewitt @PBSKIDS 
12 young artists on how to turn political turmoil into creativity:  @TEDFellow 
"The minimum requirement for a dream is a safe place to lay your head." @OhTimehin 
"Spoken word poetry cracks open locks." — @kaysarahsera 
What if your doctor could practice your surgery ahead of time... on an exact replica of your body? 
It's time to update our spelling rules. @kgalperin 
How medical marijuana helps patients manage — and feel in control of — their health:  
The art and science of space photography:  
"Healing is not the absence of pain. It is the decision to act in the service of your development." 
Why jobs of the future won't feel like work:  @heydavidlee 
Good news! Robots will let us create jobs we actually enjoy.  @heydavidlee
Do hangry, defriend and adorkable count as "real" words? 
Getting people to do what you want them to do requires telling these 3 stories: 
Congratulations to Rhiannon Giddens on her MacArthur Genius Grant! 

Enjoy her beautiful performance from #TED2016: 
7 TED Talks on coming out:  #NationalComingOutDay 
"Satellites are like the canoes our ancestors first pushed out into the water." 
The most dangerous time to be in a war zone is after the conflict. Here's why. 
Shiny towers of glass, concrete and steel are cropping up in cities like an invasive species. 
Reinvent your living space with the guidance of these design experts. 
Stop scolding parents who don't vaccinate their children. Talk to them instead. 
A chef was asked to create a banquet in space. This is what happened. 
The forgotten art of the zoetrope:  @KineticEric 
Watch what happens when you hook a Venus flytrap up to an EKG:  @phineasgreg 
"If nobody told you they loved you today, you remember I do." How one brave principal saved a school: 
Why 25 houses of worship were painted yellow:  @NabilaAlibhai 
This floating village is built entirely on the water:  
Why former President Jimmy Carter believes the mistreatment of women is the number one human rights abuse: 
Capitalism will eat democracy — unless we speak up:  @yanisvaroufakis 
"A black woman in 2012 faced more than 10 times the risk of dying related to childbirth as a white woman." 
An important reminder to ask for help when you need it.  #WorldMentalHealthDay 
“A person who feels that they’ve been heard will relax, let their guard down." 
A biologist has created artificial cells that can “talk” to natural cells — but are they really alive? 
Why all new parents should get paid time off work:  @jessicashortall
Your body's amazing reaction to water:  
"We have to make sure that every school that serves children in poverty is a real school." 
How extremists of all stripes are recruited and radicalized around the world: 
How ordinary citizens can make groundbreaking scientific discoveries:  via @TEDRadioHour 
0 was once a deeply controversial number. 
We need to teach homegrown African knowledge:  @Chikaforafrica
@isaaclidsky Happy TEDiversary, Isaac! 😊
How Africa can use its traditional knowledge to make progress:  @Chikaforafrica 
3 TED Talks for woke art history nerds:  
The era of city living may be about to end. 
Thanks to advances in drone technology and teleworking, rural life will soon have all the advantages of city life. 
How much information are you sharing about yourself online? Are you sure about that? 
What cars will really look like in the future:  
10 wild theories that could explain this star's strange behavior: 
4 predictions about the future of cars:  
Is it time to bring back long-lost species? 
“Aliens are in consideration until we can rule them out.” 
How do you take a bath without water? Like this: 
“A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you, and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.”  
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
How the human body naturally tells what time it is:  via @TED_ED
"Our desire to alter our state of consciousness may be as fundamental as our desire for food, water, and sex." 
“If you don’t design your life, someone else will design it for you." 
"Yellow is the color of the sun. The sun shines on us all equally. It does not discriminate." 
How to make filthy water drinkable -- and save millions of lives:  
A colorful way to unite people of different faiths:  @NabilaAlibhai 
"It is time to celebrate all the unsung heroines who find the heart and the grit to test every limit." 
Beautiful new words to describe obscure emotions:  @ObscureSorrows 
Unsubscribe. Please. Please just let him unsubscribe.  @veitchtweets
Want to come up with the next world-changing idea? Try procrastinating. 
"Bias is not an accusation. It's something that has to be identified, acknowledged and mitigated against." 
"A new era is coming. Higher education is becoming a basic right, affordable and accessible for all." 
If your friend moved to Mars, what would the time difference be like? 
The school where pandas learn how to be wild:  
Fun fact! Dolphins are surprisingly talented gamers. 
Get out some colored pencils. It's time to play with your data. 
How to find peace and quiet in the chaos of daily life:  via @TEDRadioHour
"Companies don't have ideas. Only people do." 
Our food is in trouble. These plants can help: 
"At work, we're often so busy 'communicating' that we don't have time to think." 
What making music does to your brain:  
10 TED Talks for parents who are short on time but starved for intellectual stimulation:   
In Mexico, almost 1 in 2 sexually active teens get pregnant between the ages of 12 to 19 years old. @christian_foto 
This beautiful, papercut poetry is good for your soul:  
How to draw your selfie — using your personal data:  
Answer these questions, then draw. 
7 TED Talks to help you find a career you really love: 
.@camanpour on how to seek truth in the era of fake news:  
7 TED Talks to watch when your home needs a makeover. 
11 beautiful bits of advice on how to wake up your creative genius: 
Poets are more likely to associate numbers with colors, and other strange facts about your brain: 
How to gracefully end any conversation: 
8 TED Talks to help you recover from a major setback: 
"As citizens of a planet in trouble, it is our responsibility to deal with the dramatic loss in diversity of life." 
A basic primer on some of the solutions and struggles of homelessness. 
In developing countries, 7.3 million girls under the age of 18 give birth each year. @christian_foto  
How the stigma of mental illness thrives in black communities: 
"When we lose a loved one, we still love them. And I wasn’t ready to stop loving." 
"I hope that if your burden gets too heavy, you'll ask for a hand." 
"Even when there's absolutely nothing wrong, I sometimes get this overwhelming sense of doom." 
The world could be short 214 trillion calories per year by 2027. @SaraMenker 
"Having feelings isn't a sign of weakness. Feelings mean we're human." 
"When we curb abuse, we will expand freedom." — Ashley Judd 
Why you should give teachers the love and support they deserve:  #WorldTeachersDay
How online abuse of women has spiraled out of control:  @AshleyJudd 
A global food crisis may be only a decade away:  @SaraMenker 
The film industry is sexist. Don't believe us? Here’s the data to prove it.  @MDSCInitiative
9 TED Talks from inspiring teachers:  #WorldTeachersDay
3 steps to figuring out what you want from your marriage — other than love. 
Don't suffer from depression in silence.  
How to build a marriage that truly meets your needs:  
What's your favorite word that didn't exist 10 years ago? 
"Feminism will make it possible for the first time for men to be free." 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
"We have made remarkable progress in the last hundred years, but if we want to continue, our future is in space." 
What are you doing with your life?! 
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
"There is nothing people won’t tell you if you ask in a compassionate and legitimately interested way.” @humansofny 
"Overwork doesn’t just exhaust employees, it can sap a company’s profits and saddle taxpayers with hidden costs." 
"Teenage pregnancy is not just about young pregnancies. It is about gender violence." @christian_foto 
The dangerous impact of extreme weather on our homes and neighborhoods: 
The troubling reason why vaccines are made too late... if they’re made at all:  @GaviSeth 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
Have you ever seen bugs this beautiful before? 
To find the people who really get you, do this. 
Short on time? These talks are 3 minutes or less: 
"What I'm passionate about is the inextinguishable, undaunted appetite for learning and experience." 
Firefly romance and the secrets behind their silent sparks: 
"The world has changed from analog to digital." Why we should teach statistics before calculus: 
"The world has changed from analog to digital." Why we should teach statistics before calculus: 
"We are in the process of building some sort of god. Now is a good time to make sure it's a god we can live with." 
In a time when irrationality seems to rule both politics and culture, has reasoned thinking finally lost its power? 
Be a better friend to yourself: 
"Algorithms are opinions embedded in code." @mathbabedotorg 
How we're protecting the future of food, one seed at a time:  
An incredible story of physical and mental endurance: 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
Meet Cambodia’s first male Khmer dancer: 
Why you should talk to strangers:  @kiostark 
"There is a rich tradition in Islam of talking frankly about sex." How and why that changed: 
Here's how LIGO made the the Nobel Prize-winning discovery of gravitational waves: 
"We spend lots of time learning about calculation, but let's not forget about application." 
Remember back in the day when you did one thing at a time? You should try that again. 
The factors in childhood that predict success later in life: 
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
What New York City looked like 400 years ago:  
The secrets of movie sound effects: 
"Knowledge is a priceless gift. But the illusion of knowledge can be more dangerous than ignorance." @PicoIyer 
11 TED Talks by people with jobs you never knew existed:  
"Knowledge is a priceless gift. But the illusion of knowledge can be more dangerous than ignorance." @PicoIyer 
"I'm asking you to be color brave, so that every child knows that their dreams are possible." 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
6 TED Talks on the link between health and racism:   
Stuck in an elevator with strangers? Here's what to talk about: 
Because no one enjoys talking about the weather. 
"Forgiveness is not about condoning violence or renouncing justice. It’s setting yourself free from anger." 
17 must-read books about leadership: 
9 clever questions to start a better conversation: 
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
What I learned as a prisoner in North Korea:  
"One of the problems with school math is it doesn't look at how math is embedded in the world we live in." 
"The buildings of tomorrow are going to look a lot different than the buildings of today." 
Please, for the love of all that is good in this world, let the teens sleep. 
The how-to's of powerful speaking — from handy vocal exercises to tips on speaking with empathy: 
Embrace the desk chaos. 
One key characteristic could predict success: 

How to turn struggling students into scholars:  @khanacademy
“There’s a very personal price to public humiliation, and the growth of the Internet has jacked up that price.” 
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
Networking doesn’t have to be awkward. How to turn small talk into meaningful discussions: 
Our unhealthy obsession with getting kids into college:  @DeanJulie 
Sometimes weather is jaw-dropping:  
A clever, easy way to turn family chaos into peace and calm: 
9 tips to take care of yourself in challenging times: 
What’s happening in Antarctica won’t stay in Antarctica.  
Nearly 1 out of every 100 children is born with a congenital heart disease. #WorldHeartDay 
I was a prisoner in North Korea. This is my story.  
Ask these questions to better understand yourself. 
Seriously, use your vacation days.

"We’ve passed the Point of No Return for our planet and its ice masses. There’s no home base humans can escape to." 
"Wouldn't it be great if, every once in a while, we did mathematics simply because it was fun or beautiful?" 
In the age of climate change, should we all move further inland? 
What happens in your brain when you share a memory with someone else:  @HassonLab
Racism has a deadly impact on our minds and bodies. Here's how. 
Being bad at something is a necessary part of the process of becoming good (and then great) at it. 
This study has tracked the lives of 724 people for 78 years. Here's what it learned: 
"If the future does not include being among the stars as a multi-planet species, I find that depressing." @elonmusk 
It's your turn at the mic. Don't panic. 
A happy childhood has very, very long-lasting effects. 
"Most of what kids currently learn at school will probably be irrelevant by the time they are 40." 
A shorter workweek could solve all our problems. Really.  
This is what teen pregnancy looks like in Latin America:  @Instagram @christian_foto 
"Accept your strengths and your weaknesses, and understand the difference." @isaaclidsky 
Why you think you’re right, even when you’re wrong:  
Feeling out of control of your life? Stop thinking in the short term: 
"Empathy distorts our moral judgments in pretty much the same way that prejudice does." @paulbloomatyale 
"Sometimes in the darkest of the night is when you find the truth." @TEDFellow 
9 spectacular spoken-word performances:  #NationalPoetryDay
This unique school in Bangladesh is made of mud, straw and bamboo:  @AnnaHeringer 
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
The warmth and wisdom of mud buildings:  @AnnaHeringer 
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
Are you a soldier or a scout? Your answer could determine how clearly you see the world. 
An exhilarating performance of mental math: 
"Public speaking is the most impactful way to share who you are and what you care about." 
Here's how long you can expect your post-vacation glow to last: 
"We have within us the capacity to manufacture the happiness we are constantly chasing." 
Do you call yourself a left-brained learner or a right-brained learner? Well, you should probably stop. 
4 smart perspectives on the hows and whys of homelessness. 
Now on Sincerely, X, how one teacher unlocks the potential of kids living in poverty:  @ApplePodcasts 
"This isn't a math test. This is a political fight. We need to demand accountability for our algorithmic overlords." 
"Algorithms don't make things fair. They repeat our past practices, our patterns. They automate the status quo." 
Feeling personally insulted that you weren't part of the 280 character rollout? These TED Talks might be for you.  
Bad algorithms are weapons of math destruction. @mathbabedotorg 
Future tech will give you the benefits of city life anywhere:  
These life lessons from writers are a great dose of #WednesdayWisdom. 
Giant clams weigh as much as three baby elephants!! @TEDFellow 
"Everybody has access to the same physics; you don't need a big, posh lab." @helenczerski 
A soul-baring story of truth-telling:  @ElizabethLesser
"We need to restore our confidence in humanity and stand boldly and visibly together." @NabilaAlibhai 
Why people of different faiths are painting their houses of worship yellow:  @NabilaAlibhai 
"'I'm proud to be amongst those women who lifted the ban, fought the ban, and celebrated everyone's freedom." 
"A society will not be free if the women of that society are not free." @manal_alsharif 
A Saudi woman who dared to drive:  
Meet one of the brave activists who fought for women to have the right to drive in Saudi Arabia: 
This @TEDFellow invented a kit that contains everything a mother needs to give birth safely: 
“At the center of our work is our deep love for our country.” @TEDFellow 
What we're missing in the debate about immigration:  @duartegeraldino 
The most Martian place on Earth:  @ArmandoAzuaB 
The fascinating secret lives of giant clams:  @TEDFellow 
This mindset can help you make better decisions:  @juliagalef
One or two days a week is probably the ideal amount of time to work from home. 
What kids really need to succeed in school:   @AKunduNYU
10 to 15% of all known animal species on Earth are flies. 
What intelligent machines can learn from ants:  
This is what needs to change for you to "have it all". 
"Real equality means valuing family just as much as work, and understanding that the two reinforce each other." 
8 TED Talks that will make you love comics:  #NationalComicBookDay 
Don’t destroy slums. Fix what causes them.  @OhTimehin
A must watch for anyone who wants to help children in need. 
You are going to persevere until you succeed! Yes you are! You can do it! We believe in you! #mondaymotivation 
Here's why you should hire the underdog.

Watch Regina Hartley's full TED Talk about what to look for in a resume:  
How #BattleOfTheSexes influenced a generation of men:  #TEDWomen 
Spoiler alert: This is a little gross and a lot brilliant.  @AnneAMadden
"Your life isn't just a list of events. You can edit, interpret and retell your story." @EmEsfahaniSmith 
"It's easy to sell rebranded Mein Kampf ideas to a generation who has been failed by public schools." 
Companies have little to lose — and much to gain — by allowing employees to work from home. 
9 TED Talks by badass activist artists: 
The surprising link between cancer and the sugar coating on your cells: 
Soon little Susie will want a pet dinosaur for her birthday. 
These buzzing, multi-tentacled sculptures move around on their own:  @TEDFellow 
Want to be a good friend? Erase this sentence from your vocabulary:  
8 TED Talks about how the medicines we depend on are made: 
8 TED Talks on why social media matters:  
12 #TEDTalks for when you wish you could go back to college:  
So... what exactly is consciousness?  
"To these trolls, I wasn't a human. I was an idea, an object, a caricature." 
Should your driverless car kill you if it means saving five pedestrians? @iyadrahwan 
Don't let fake news fool you. 
Life is short. Take some selfies. Keep a journal. 
What Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria teach us about climate change:  #TEDWomen
8 reasons to stop what you're doing and play: 
10 TED Talks to watch when you've just finished a good book:  
What are schools like in North Korea? Hear one teacher's story: 
The making of a #GlobalCitizen:  @Hughcevans
10 TED Talks that debunk misconceptions about Islam:  
The inside story of an elite school in North Korea: 
How you think about who you are matters more than ever:  
The fascinating physics of everyday life:  @helenczerski
What if you could tell your boss exactly what they’re doing wrong?  @RayDalio
How do ideas go viral?  
The science is in. If your camera captures the moment, then your brain doesn’t.  
This is what it's like to teach in North Korea: 
14 tips to help you just sit down and write: 
“A terrible first draft is the secret of life." @annelamott 
The choices we make when we fall in love: 
Do you prefer your own company? You're not alone. 
Why you should search for meaning — not happiness:  @EmEsfahaniSmith 
Cremation uses the natural gas equivalent of a 500-mile car trip. Here's a better option:  @TheGoodDeath
Jurassic Park isn't science fiction anymore. 
9 tips to take care of yourself in challenging times: 
Why do startups succeed or fail? It all comes down to this: 
#FlashbackFriday to the first six TED Talks posted online, way back in 2006. 
"Why study the past? Because that’s where the answers are." @kenlacovara 
"Bobby Riggs was the former #1 player, and I admired him. That's the reason I beat him, actually: I respected him." 
How Billie Jean King won the famous Battle of the Sexes: 
Urban planners use the video game "Cities: Skylines" as a sketching tool to design real cities.  @pelikaroliina 
This video game might help us build better cities:  @pelikaroliina 
You don't. 
We should all stop saying “I know exactly how you feel."  
Here’s how to be a more considerate conversation partner. 
"It is time that we start seeing people as people and not simply the ideas that we project onto them." 
Want to be a good friend? Erase this sentence from your vocabulary:  
Conversational narcissism is the desire to do most of the talking and turn the focus of an exchange to yourself. 
"It's easy to sell rebranded Mein Kampf ideas to a generation who has been failed by public schools." 
This swarm of tiny robots was inspired by animals with collective intelligence, like fish and ants.  
Now on Sincerely, X, how one teacher unlocks the potential of kids living in poverty:  @ApplePodcasts 
Explore the true fun of physics in your own kitchen! Here's how to get started: 
"Private companies are leaping into space and they will be happy to take you to Mars." 
Glow-in-the-dark bike paths and other magical city designs:  @SRoosegaarde 
"Escalating disgust and conflict are not what we want for ourselves, or our country or our next generation." 
A vision for how working-class people can organize and own the businesses they work for:  @NikiOkuk 
"Dinosaurs pushed the envelope of physiological possibility, broke record after record &amp; were paragons of success." 
11 TED Talks about emerging markets:  
A forgotten Space Age technology could change how we grow food:  
"How did the word 'dinosaur' become an epithet to invoke an inability to adapt to changing conditions?" @kenlacovara 
How deportation tears communities apart:  @duartegeraldino 
Companies have little to lose — and much to gain — by allowing employees to work from home. 
@BryceAvalos Send them the article. 😉
@LeaVerou We're glad to hear it! 😊
One or two days a week is probably the ideal amount of time to work from home. 
You should stop using "dinosaur" as an insult. Here's why:  @kenlacovara 
Why working from home should be standard practice:  
Dinosaurs were a staggeringly successful group of animals whose reign across time may never be matched by humans. 
What Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria teach us about climate change:  #TEDWomen
Dinosaurs deserve your gosh darn respect. 
What we're missing in the debate about immigration:  @duartegeraldino 
"Even at the moment of your failure, you are beautiful."

Watch @LidiaYuknavitch's TED Talk on the misfit's myth:  
The most Martian place on Earth:  @ArmandoAzuaB 
"It is not our gender that defines us, but ultimately, our shared humanity." @e_nyamayaro #HeForShe 
"If you really want to rediscover wonder, you need to step outside of that tiny, terrified space of rightness." 
How Russia hacked the US 2016 Presidential election by exploiting the human mind:  @LauraLGalante
Meet the microscopic life in your home — and on your face:  @AnneAMadden 
The hidden root of Africa’s biggest problems:  
Don’t destroy slums. Fix what causes them.  @OhTimehin
On the @TEDRadioHour, @SamHarrisOrg asks if we can build AI without losing control of it. Listen now:  
This is what stands between Africa and prosperity. 
Can nanotechnology keep its promises?  @gtulevski
What it feels like to see Earth from space:  @DOverview 
We're thrilled to share @kenlacovara's new TED Book "Why Dinosaurs Matter"! Pick up your copy now:  @TEDbooks 
11 TED Talks on the future of the global economy:  
Why Africa must become a center of knowledge again:  
These fascinating TED Talks can help you understand the world's emerging markets. 
How racism makes us sick:  
8 astonishing photographs of wildlife:  @David_Yarrow 
These images will take your breath away — and make you a better photographer:  @David_Yarrow 
Absorbing stories of spirituality, doubt, inclusion and atheism in the modern world. 
“If you ever get a sunburn on the back of your neck, you’re not a very good photographer.” @David_Yarrow 
Experiment on a digital version of your body — and see what’s best for you. 
"We are going to win this. But it matters a lot how fast we win it." — Al Gore on climate change 
"We are accepting of any body part breaking down other than our brains."

Watch @KevinBreel's talk about depression:  
Go out and crush it this week. #MondayMotivation 
How digital DNA could help you make better health choices:  
A simple birth kit for mothers in the developing world:  
There are 100,000 species of bacteria and fungi that live in our dust bunnies. Meet some of them:  @AnneAMadden
A burial practice that nourishes the planet:  @TheGoodDeath 
Here's a twist: Ketamine could prevent depression and PTSD from ever developing. 
Push a piece of buttered toast off the table. Do it for science. 
These 10 TED Talks explore how we study space:  
"Mathematics is not just solving for x; it's also figuring out why." 
Nobody plays the guitar like @rodgab. 
Say your truths and seek them in others:  @ElizabethLesser 
"Mathematics allows us to go beyond the intuition and explore territories which do not fit within our grasp." 
So... what exactly is consciousness?  
This scientist is trying to reach people in vegetative states:  
Up to 20% of unresponsive patients may actually have some awareness of what’s occurring around them. 
How ordinary people become violent extremists:  @ErinSaltman
Every day, ordinary young people are radicalized online by extremists. But what makes these groups so appealing? 
The most hackable device on the planet? Your own mind:  @LauraLGalante
Practical strategies to help you find more time for what matters most:  @lvanderkam
How you think about who you are matters more than ever:  
What if you could tell your boss exactly what they’re doing wrong?  @RayDalio
How to find the hidden hours in your day:  @lvanderkam
We may be able to prevent mental illness, not just treat it: 
How to talk to people you strongly disagree with -- and why you should do it more often: 
If lying means making more money, what motivates people to tell the truth? 
How one mother reckons with the unthinkable: 
"Your authentic self, if such a thing exists, is a complex, messy and uncertain self. That is a very good thing." 
3 questions that can help us learn to understand people we disagree with: 
"Bravery is learned, and like anything learned, it just needs to be practiced." @carowriter 
This woman grew up in the Westboro Baptist Church... and then she joined Twitter. 
"The biggest challenges and problems we face will never be solved with comfortable conversations." @tferriss 
"I can't help but see in our public discourse so many of the same destructive impulses that ruled my former church." 
"I'm not against fear. I'm just pro-bravery." @carowriter 
How to raise gutsy girls:  @carowriter
Cremation uses the natural gas equivalent of a 500-mile car trip. Here's a better option:  @TheGoodDeath
"Where in your lives right now might defining your fears be more important than defining your goals?" @tferriss 
"Whites who have graduated from high school live longer than blacks with a college degree or more education." 
"Today, I'm here to share the experience of what it's like to be the mother of someone who kills and hurts." 
"I was a chubby-cheeked five-year-old when I joined my family on the picket line for the first time." @meganphelps 
"How meaningful is that truth if you don't know why it's being revealed to you?" @LauraLGalante on hacking 
What animals can teach us about survival: 
6 TED Talks on how algorithms run our lives: 
As science fiction becomes reality, what are the consequences?  via @TEDRadioHour
"The pope’s talk inspired her to embrace 'radical empathy.'" (via @washingtonpost) 
4 TED speakers explore the consequences of science fiction becoming reality:  via @TEDRadioHour
South Africa is taking down its colonial statues. Here's how one artist has replaced them:  @sthemse 
"At what point on the trajectory from nothingness to full consciousness do you start to become yourself again?" 
Now on Sincerely, X, a woman is stuck between the hometown she loves and its outdated traditions:  @ApplePodcasts 
The story behind one of our most iconic images of space:  
The impact of algorithms on everything from architecture to online dating: 
Why do happy couples cheat? 
Why you should search for meaning — not happiness:  @EmEsfahaniSmith 
A happy childhood has very, very long-lasting effects. 
These are the apps that suck up your time and happiness:  @adamleealter
Don't let fake news fool you. 
The fascinating physics of everyday life:  @helenczerski
The dangerous choice cities make when they eradicate slums:  @OhTimehin
Worker-owned companies are the secret to a strong economy:  @NikiOkuk
This lawyer has freed more than 6,000 innocent people from prison.  @ProfRonSullivan 
This elementary school teacher lets students tweet and post on Instagram in class. Here’s why: 
From 2000 to 2010, 5.7 million manufacturing jobs were lost. But they weren't lost for the reasons you might think. 
The real reason manufacturing jobs are disappearing:  
How do cities decide who belongs and who doesn't?  @OhTimehin
"Your life isn't just a list of events. You can edit, interpret and retell your story." @EmEsfahaniSmith 
"Aging is the upward ascension of the human spirit, bringing us into wisdom, wholeness and authenticity." 
"Sooner or later, I think we all wonder: Is this all there is?" @EmEsfahaniSmith 
What does your online behavior say about you? More than you think: 
"The struggle for women’s equality must continue. We still have a long way to go." @SamanthaNutt 
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
"The FBI is responsible for more terrorism plots in the United States than any other organization." 
Why we see the world the way we do: 
Why you should give teachers the love and support they deserve: 
Would you keep a robot dinosaur as a pet? 
Forget quinoa. Meet fonio.  @chefpierrethiam
What are you doing with your life?! 
"The train is already out of the station, and there’s no brake to pull." @SamHarrisOrg 
We're live now with @BreneBrown! Join our conversation about courage and belonging here:  
Immigrants make the United States stronger. Learn how in @SayuBhojwani's thoughtful TED Talk:  
A forgotten ancient grain that could help Africa prosper:  @chefpierrethiam 
We'll be talking about courage with @BreneBrown on Facebook Live at 12:15 EST! Visit  to tune in. 
"Almost everyone wants more from work than just a paycheck." 
"Solitude matters -- for some people it is the air that they breathe." 
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
A photographer’s look at the horror of war:  @LauraBoushnak
What really motivates people to be honest in business:  @AlexFWagner 
"Everywhere you see a Like button on the internet, Facebook is watching you."  @csoghoian
"We can live well not in spite of death, but because of it. Let death be what takes us, not lack of imagination." 
This man revolutionized finance... with complex math: 
"What predicts despair is not a lack of happiness. It's a lack of having meaning in life." @EmEsfahaniSmith 
Why you should search for meaning — not happiness:  @EmEsfahaniSmith 
"Divorce is intrinsically hard, but our cultural beliefs and attitudes make it even harder than it needs to be." 
Can we build AI without losing control over it?  @SamHarrisOrg 
The surprising reason you're unproductive at work:

How to turn struggling students into scholars:  @khanacademy
Have six minutes to spare? Plenty of time to learn 40 Chinese characters:  
This problem has killed more people than every 20th century war combined: 
How to solve problems, from an inventor with 200+ patents:  
Joyful African art that tells more than a single story:  @wanuri 
"The minimum requirement for a dream is a safe place to lay your head." @OhTimehin 
"True belonging only happens when we present our authentic, imperfect selves to the world." @BreneBrown 
The surprising stories behind inventions that changed the world, from jetpacks to Linux: 
This week on Sincerely, X, how one woman reclaimed her power after she was sexually assaulted:  @ApplePodcasts 
.@BreneBrown's advice on how to feel like you truly belong:  
How our friendship survives different political beliefs:  
"Tenderness is to listen to the silent cry of our common home, of our sick and polluted earth." — Pope Francis 
Stunning photos show the power of water and how it shapes our world:  
7 #TEDTalks with fascinating stories of true crime:  
A floating museum in the sky and other stunning art:  @tomassaraceno
Why @wanuri makes vibrant, joyful African art: 
"What other people think of you is none of your business." @annelamott 
"I have chosen to stay passionate, engaged with an open heart; I'm working on it every day." 
How Humans of New York finds such moving, personal stories:  @humansofny
Why you should see the world through your eyes, not your screen: 
How fake news does real harm:  @StephanieBusari 
"Writing teaches us awareness. It teaches us to pay attention, to savor the moment." @annelamott 
"If you write something and it doesn’t work, it does not mean you are a morally inferior person." @annelamott 
"Listen to understand. By just being there, you may be the turning point they need." #WorldSuicidePreventionDay 
3 TED Talks to end the silence around suicide:  #WorldSuicidePreventionDay 
How to help a loved one who you fear might be considering suicide:  #WorldSuicidePreventionDay @PivotalPts 
How big data could help prevent car crashes, detect cancer, and more: 
These gorgeous photos will change the way you see our planet:  @DOverview 
We are living in a golden age of government surveillance. 
The science is in. If your camera captures the moment, then your brain doesn’t.  
What happens in your brain when you pay attention:  @mehdi_ordikhani 
Try these fascinating experiments to see how your mind works:  
A mischievous update on an American folk classic:  @RhiannonGiddens @silkroadproject
"Was I who I had been before the crash, before this road divided my life like the spine of an open book?" 
A must watch for anyone who wants to help children in need. 
A blood test that could give you an extra 100 days to fight cancer:  @cjimmylin @TEDFellow 
"Research shows that some of us don't even read beyond headlines before we share stories." @StephanieBusari 
7 beautiful GIFs of creatures that light up the ocean:  
"The Internet is the most amazing stimulant for post-hoc reasoning and demonization." @JonHaidt 
Does introspection lead to greater self-understanding? Maybe not. 
Yikes. All of our photos may actually obstruct our memory recall. 
Ladies and gentlemen... @RhiannonGiddens! 
This test detects cancer 100 days earlier than traditional methods. That extra time could be life-saving:  @cjimmylin
How does your memory work? 7 #TEDTalks explain: 
In 2014, Boko Haram kidnapped more than 200 schoolgirls. Government officials dismissed the crime as a hoax. 
Life is brutal. Treat yourself to some good feels. 
Spoiler alert: yes. 
This AI performed in the top 20% of students on the entrance exam for the University of Tokyo. 
14 tips to help you just sit down and write: 
This is the wrong way to be introspective: 
Shout-out to our Art Department for finding the fuzziest puppy ever. 
10 TED Talks that'll give you a warm, fuzzy feeling:  
“A terrible first draft is the secret of life." @annelamott 
For these women, reading is an act of daring:  #InternationalLiteracyDay 
What lessons did your favorite book teach you? #InternationalLiteracyDay 
Who belongs in a city?  @OhTimehin 
“Innovation is not just a matter of luck. It’s possible to have a strategy of innovation.” 
Did life on Earth start with a comet crashing into our planet?  (via @TED_ED)
9 TED Talks to watch when you're questioning your faith: 
A deeply personal look at the life of the working homeless: 
Every time you snap a pic of something you never want to forget, you could be harming your memory of it. 
This artist's work is a tour de force of imagination.  @tomassaraceno
1 in 5 women and 1 in 13 men will be sexually assaulted during college in the US. 
7 TED Talks to help end the silence around sexual assault and abuse: 
What it feels like to see Earth from space:  @DOverview 
How to protect the civil rights of sexual assault survivors:  
Only 6% of sexual assaults reported to the police end with the assailant spending a single day in prison. 
Would you live in a floating city in the sky?  @tomassaraceno 
The hidden danger of donating to orphanages: 
What if you knew what your coworkers thought about you?  @RayDalio
"Sanitation work is one of the 10 most dangerous occupations in the US." 
A hilarious talk about falling in love with monster prime numbers: 
How ordinary people become violent extremists:  @ErinSaltman
This data wizard uses tweets to create unique city maps based on what residents are passionate about. @davetroy 
Volunteer tourism does more harm than good. 
"There is no greater joy than working together." 
What if you could tell your boss exactly what they’re doing wrong?  @RayDalio
12 #TEDTalks for when you wish you could go back to college:  
The dangerous impact of extreme weather on our homes and neighborhoods: 
7 #TEDTalks for when you wish you had time to read:  
Inside a company where everyone says what they really think:  @RayDalio
Want to find your purpose and feel inspired at work? We're live now with leadership expert @simonsinek: 
"There has to be political noise and political costs in response to massive crimes against humanity." 
Ready to level up your business knowledge? Here’s what to read now:  #ReadABookDay 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list:  #ReadABookDay
How to build a company where the best ideas win:  @RayDalio 
In a time when irrationality seems to rule both politics and culture, has reasoned thinking finally lost its power? 
Have we eliminated boredom? 
We added math to basketball and made it super nerdy. You're welcome! 
Every day, ordinary young people are radicalized online by extremists. But what makes these groups so appealing? 
How young people join violent extremist groups — and how to stop them:  @ErinSaltman 
School's in session, no matter how old you are.  #firstdayofschool
8 reasons to stop what you're doing and play: 
8 reasons to stop what you're doing and play: 
Sugar pills, injections of nothing — they often really work: 
A fascinating look at how barbed wire transformed society, and not necessarily for the better. 
Spoiler alert: yes. 
Glow-in-the-dark bike paths and other magical city designs:  @SRoosegaarde 
How immigrant voices make democracy stronger: 
"My optimism never wavers because I know that there are millions of immigrants just like me. It's our country, too." 
"Capitalism was never going to finance black liberation." 
Easy DIY projects for kid engineers:  
This AI performed in the top 20% of students on the entrance exam for the University of Tokyo. 
"The world is going to need all of the different kinds of minds to work together." - @DrTempleGrandin 
This performance will change the way you think about sex work:  @jonesarah
This is why you get such great ideas in the shower: 
"Trafficking doesn't happen in a vacuum. It happens in systematically degraded work environments." 
"People have sex for many reasons, some because they want a baby, but most of us have sex because it feels good." 
Why dieting doesn't usually work: 
"People who reported that they were easily disgusted also reported that they were more politically conservative." 
"Work is not just something I do when I'd rather be doing something else." 
Check your air supply and step out of the airlock with us. 
Do you protest? The government is watching. 
The good intentions and bad consequences of volunteer tourism: 
Be a few minutes late to work. Your brain will thank you: 
What do we do when antibiotics don’t work any more? 
Weird insights about our most easily triggered emotion: disgust. 
What makes you feel good about your work? The scientific answer: 
"If you're tired of going to work and making money for other people, then you're probably tired of capitalism." 
5 reasons why killer robots are a terrible idea: 
6 ideas from creative thinkers to shake up your work routine: 
"Lying is an attempt to connect our wishes and our fantasies about who we wish we were with what we're really like." 
How we use our cellphones to distract ourselves from the hard work of actually thinking:  @manoushz
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
A crash course in how to recognize deception: 
It was super easy. The easiest. 
A football player on how we can prevent concussions: 
The bittersweet joys of childhood — and how to hold them in mind: 
Are you easily fooled by statistics? Test yourself with the quizzes in this talk: 
8 reasons why Earth is freaking awesome: 
"Joy is so important to your health." Why healthy behaviors won't stick unless there's some joy in them: 
The real reason why humans run the world:  
"Mastery is easy to achieve using a computer, because it doesn't get tired of showing you the same video 5 times." 
"Correctly using computers is the silver bullet for making math education work." 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
The surprising reason you're unproductive at work:

A clever, easy way to turn family chaos into peace and calm: 
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
Which is more powerful, emotion or reason? 
“We think we have to be successful, then we’ll be happier. But our brains work in the opposite order." 
"The way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep." 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
"It is not reasonable to expect people to marry for love yet not to divorce for lack of love." 
The grammar lesson you wish you’d gotten in high school: 
"I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys, because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me." 
Easy ways to figure out what's fact and fiction on the Internet: 
"Hidden mathematical truths permeate our whole physical world." — Cédric Villani 
"It's easy to be a leader when everybody likes you. It's hard to be a leader when you have to make hard choices." 
Ask yourself this question every time you pick up your phone: 
"Your authentic self, if such a thing exists, is a complex, messy and uncertain self. That is a very good thing." 
The invention of barbed wire wreaked huge changes on the American West... and fast. 
The first step to meeting people who will understand you is to be yourself. 
How you think about who you are matters more than ever:  
Watch biologist Uri Alon's talk about the creativity of scientific research:  
Glimpse at a strange — but possible — future where robots rule the earth:  @robinhanson
"Technology, y’all, is a lot like money: it brings what was already inside you and amplifies it." 
Now on Sincerely, X, how one woman learned to live with her depression by changing her perspective:  @ApplePodcasts 
The story behind @HallaTomas's rule-breaking campaign for president of Iceland:  
If you've ever participated in a protest or attended a gun show, you're likely a person of interest.  @granick
Your travel photos can save artifacts destroyed by terrorists:  
The secret to effective nonviolent resistance:  @jamilaraqib 
Payment platforms like @Patreon could change what it means to be an artist in the digital age. 
How artists can (finally) get paid in the digital age:  @jackconte @Patreon 
How your pictures can help reclaim lost history:  
4 TED Talks to watch when you’re starting a new job:  
How the US government spies on people who protest — including you:  @granick 
Final wise thoughts from #TEDGlobal's last session:  
16 thrilling short films by African and diaspora artists:  #TEDGlobal
Meet the genius scientist transforming the world on a shoestring:  @TEDFellow 
"In the silence, you tend to meet yourself." — @juliantreasure

Here's how sound affects your happiness, productivity and well-being. 
"The design of the Constitution is greater than partisanship." @NoahRFeldman 
 
Hear how this teen scientist developed a cost-effective, eco-friendly way to purify water:  @TheDeepikaKurup
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf
A beautiful message of hope and self-discovery from one of our youngest TED speakers:  @_annikaEP
"Algorithms are opinions embedded in code." @mathbabedotorg 
"No matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal." 
"Art cannot change the future, but it can touch the present." 
These robots can look for survivors in places that emergency responders can't reach. 
This AI performed in the top 20% of students on the entrance exam for the University of Tokyo. 
Powerful portraits of ordinary people in the Ukrainian revolution:  
#TEDGlobal Session 7 was all about channeling our human potential to improve the world:  
Spoiler alert: yes. 
@minniemelange @TeenVogue Congratulations, Sinéad ☺️
#TEDGlobal Session 6 was all about the future of our cities. Read our recap here:  
"Forget about putting the cart before the horse. You can't put the self-driving car before the roads." @AfricaMET on African tech #TEDGlobal
"Whenever there was diversity, openness, dialogue... societies have been most productive." @aguribfakim, President of Mauritius #TEDGlobal
These artists and visionaries are remaking the world around them. Read our recap of #TEDGlobal Session 5:  
The hidden danger of donating to orphanages: 
Session 4 of #TEDGlobal was all about hard truths. Read our recap:  
A must watch for anyone who wants to help children in need. 
This woman turned the world’s worst aquatic plant into something magical:  
We need art that captures the full range of human experiences to tell the stories of Africa. @wanuri 
"Every piece of art you see has a story, and every artist has a name." @Afromysterics 
Nearly 60 million children in Africa suffer from nutritional stunting. This could fix it:  via @Forbes #TEDGlobal
A giraffe must spread its front legs and lower its head to the watering hole because its neck is too short to reach the ground. #TEDGlobal 
.@wanuri creates fun, fierce and fantastical African art:  
Meet the innovators rethinking Africa's future in our #TEDGlobal Session 3 recap:  
@igorcelikovic Ain't no party like a #TEDGlobal party. 
Meet the pathmakers of #TEDGlobal, from Rwandan President Paul Kagame to Chef Pierre Thiam, in our Session 2 recap:  
We're so excited about our new Facebook Watch show, Wise Guide from TED Talks! Find the first three episodes here:  
Did you know that a group of giraffes is called a "tower?" #TEDGlobal 
What will the future of Africa look like? Read @MrBankole's recap of #TEDGlobal's rousing first session:  
"A president can't do much on their own. We have to work with our people and communicate honestly." Rwandan President @PaulKagame #TEDGlobal
This photographer flies over Africa and captures stunning photos from above. via @qz #TEDGlobal 
This could one day replace traditional airport security. #TEDGlobal 
A young scientist's quest for clean water:  @TheDeepikaKurup 
"We can't practice compassion with other people if we can't treat ourselves kindly." 
"America seems to be hell-bent on filling its textbooks with Cliffs Notes versions of its dark past." 
“Empathy is more powerful than hate, and our lives should be dedicated to making it go viral.”  @ZakEbrahim
"We can face any future without fear so long as we know we will not face it alone." @rabbisacks 
How to talk about transgender issues: 
"There is a sense of urgency. This isn’t a time to be complacent." #TEDGlobal 
This mindset can help you make better decisions:  @juliagalef
The Flint water crisis — and the scientists who said nothing: 
"Technology is the seventh kingdom of life." 
"A core part of addiction is about not being able to bear to be present in your life." - @johannhari101 
The stunning life story of a transgender business icon who refused to take no for an answer: 
"The littlest things you brought into the world give you peace in your final moments." 
10 #TEDTalks on why we do the things we do:  
7 TED Talks about what it's like to be transgender: 
"If you are someone who has contemplated or attempted suicide, or you know somebody who has, talk about it." 
"Not doing anything puts them at risk of losing their lives to suicide." How doctors can help transgender teens: 
The myth that what happens online isn't "real life" allows digital predators to flourish: 
Are you smarter than a pigeon?  
The choices we make when we fall in love: 
This fascinating experiment discovered the most productive and inspiring office setup: 
Forget big data. It's time for thick data. 
6 TED Talks to watch when you're feeling lost: 
3 TED Talks to end the silence around suicide:  
Want a productive office? Hire givers, not takers:  @AdamMGrant
The future of home, from recycled apartment buildings to co-housing: 
Research suggests that even working 40 hours a week is too much. 
Smart ways to handle your next heated situation: 
Watch Pope Francis's TED Talk on why the only future worth building includes everyone:  
A new reports reveals that only 9% of the plastic created since 1950 has been recycled. 

That's all. 9% recycled. 
Newly unemployed? We have some TED Talks for you. 
Hamilton vs. Madison and the birth of American partisanship:  @NoahRFeldman 
QUIZ: Can you match the US presidents to their famous words? 
4 TED speakers on how our genetics and experiences collaborate — and compete — to make us who we are:  @TEDRadioHour 
What makes you who you are: your genetics or your experiences? @TEDRadioHour 
"The Sacred Art of the Ori" uses our skin as canvas:  @Afromysterics 
10 TED Talks with secrets to help you thrive in a complicated world: 
The struggle is real. 
The artist behind the intricate body paint in Beyoncé's "Sorry" music video shares what inspires him:  @Afromysterics 
10 TED Talks with the secrets to understanding life: 
Everything you need to know about life, from finding love to achieving success: 
"If you ever feel lost, stop and listen for your song." @_annikaEP 
"If we continue to ignore or talk down to our fellow citizens, others will hear it and be emboldened."  @will_potter
"You play on top of everything else, on top of the rhythms and the beat because you're the melody." @_annikaEP 
"If we could inject a regard for dignity into our dealings with other countries, it would be a revolution." 
Skyscrapers — but no sewage system. Meet a city run by private industry:  
Should your driverless car kill you if it means saving five pedestrians? @iyadrahwan 
The surprising link between cancer and the sugar coating on your cells: 
This week on Sincerely, X, one woman shares how she healed from the trauma of a violent marriage:  @ApplePodcasts 
What the sugar coating on your cells is trying to tell you:  
"To walk across a melting ocean of ice is without a doubt the most frightening thing."  
Do the 3% of mammals who practice monogamy also get their hearts broken?  @LenMandy
Out of 155 species of voles, only the prairie vole manages to fall and stay in love. 
Meet the "ems": machines that emulate our brains and think, feel and work just like the people they're copied from. 
What would happen if we uploaded our brains to computers?  @robinhanson 
Why does love end — and why does it hurt so darn much?  @LenMandy
Did you know space ice cream only made it onto one flight? Turns out, it's gross.  
Beautiful photos of polar ice caps and the furry creatures that live there:  
"I was called highly colorful racial slurs by those who use the anonymity of the Internet as a Klan hood." 
"Music surrounded me. It made me who I was, and it gave me a place to belong." @_annikaEP 
If anyone stands to benefit from a sensible workday, it’s employers: 
The secret ingredient that makes some teams better than others:  
#TEDGlobal is almost here! Take a look at our thrilling lineup of speakers:  
Get to know the extraordinary new class of TED Fellows coming to #TEDGlobal:  
Can you match the US president to their word chart?  @RLukeDuBois 
3 painless tips to help you network more effectively: 
Meet the "Row-bot," a water robot that eats pollution:  
A lyrical meditation on who we are, how we live and how we love:  @whytedw
The essential role of women in nonviolent resistance:  @juliabacha
"The greatest hope for humanity lies not in condemning violence, but in making violence obsolete."  @jamilaraqib
"This isn't a math test. This is a political fight. We need to demand accountability for our algorithmic overlords." 
“This story is important to tell now because there’s nothing past about the past.” @tagz23 @TEDFellow 
"Algorithms don't make things fair. They repeat our past practices, our patterns. They automate the status quo." 
Should we edit genes to protect babies from disease?  
Should your driverless car kill you if it means saving five pedestrians? @iyadrahwan 
What moral decisions should driverless cars make? @iyadrahwan  
"If we create spaces where we resurrect the truth, we can get to something that feels more like freedom." 
"I endlessly told others to accept the truth, but I failed to give doubt its rightful place." @manwarali 
A hilarious look at how laughter makes us human: 
"We have no way to vote on what happens to the present and future of humanity." 
These families are just like yours, with one important difference:  
"What we see, we can be. So screw fear and challenges. It matters that women run." @HallaTomas 
"Huge areas of ice are breaking off from Antarctica the size of small nations." 
Bad algorithms are weapons of math destruction. @mathbabedotorg 
We feel your pain, Eleanor. ⏰ Here's where you can find TED Talks that are all under 6 minutes long:  
The era of blind faith in big data must end:  @mathbabedotorg 
Your body's amazing reaction to water:  
Get that paper. 
"It's uncomfortable to not believe things." The logical basis for believing in conspiracies: 
This is why women live longer than men:  
"To these trolls, I wasn't a human. I was an idea, an object, a caricature." 
5 TED Talks to watch before you get married:  
"Our desire to alter our state of consciousness may be as fundamental as our desire for food, water, and sex." 
@_annikaEP We're so excited to share your message, Anika ☺️
Is it better to use paper or plastic? The truth about common environmental myths: 
@sharell_martin @dbiello Amazing! We hope everyone had a great time :)
"I would literally spend days clicking through my new racist profile, goofing off at work in Aryan Land." 
@OanaBrooks @dbiello Nice!!
TED's Science Curator @dbiello watched #SolarEclipse2017 with his kids. Send us your eclipse selfies! 📸 
"Companies don't have ideas. Only people do." 
Social isolation is the public health risk of our time. 
@roadsafetyeng Looking sharp! We hope you're all enjoying the day :)
Scientific coolness aside, #SolarEclipse2017 has the magic ability to bring people together, says @JedidahIslerPhD: 
But how does our tiny moon block out the entire sun? Here's @TED_ED on the science and history of #SolarEclipse2017: 
Not sure why #SolarEclipse2017 is such a huge deal? Eclipse chaser David Baron breaks down why it's so awesome: 
Show of hands! Who's watching the #SolarEclipse2017 today? 

This is how excited we are: 
How I found myself through music:  @_annikaEP 
On Sincerely, X, we explore 3 reasons why corporate America has so few female executives:  @ApplePodcasts 
7 TED Talks on how to be smart about your money:  
@davidkwong @alinebmckenna Oh no, we missed your birthday!

This is very awkward.
"The truth won't set us free until we develop the skills and the moral courage to use it." 
What their resume won't tell you: 
5 reasons why you shouldn’t miss today's solar eclipse:  
Today we'll see the first eclipse over the United States in 38 years. Don't miss it.  @dhbaron
The link between unemployment and terrorism: 
A radical rethink of what drives us to do our best work: 
This is what happens in your brain when your body is on autopilot:  @manoushz
"People who are drawn to these extremisms are not that different from everyone else. But such people can change." 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
Yes, you can buy happiness... as long as you aren't selfish:

"It is time that we start seeing people as people and not simply the ideas that we project onto them." 
What happens online has offline consequences. 
Why dirty money is far too easy to hide:  
How to re-launch your career after taking a break from work: 
Is that poll reaaaaally accurate? Here's how to find out:  @MonaChalabi
"Love is unpredictable, creative. Love involves both joy and pain. Each experience of love is different." @LenMandy 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
11 TED Talks by people with jobs you never knew existed:  
The best data visualizations you've ever seen:   @MonaChalabi 
When a black man goes undercover in the alt-right: 
Why aren't you moving up at work? The career advice you probably didn’t get: 
7 simple leadership lessons from music: 
When your boss tells you to stop chatting and get to work, show them this talk: 
A strong case for throwing out the pecking order at work: 
Simple ways to help yourself commit to a goal and stick with it: 
Don’t have one true calling? That’s a good thing:  @emiliewapnick
The surprising predictor of a long, healthy life:  
How great leaders inspire action:  @simonsinek
TED's secret to great public speaking: 
"Capitalism has driven us to the verge of a moral truth, which is the fundamental equality of everyone." 
The surprising mental benefits of being bored out of your mind:  @manoushz
"It's easy to sell rebranded Mein Kampf ideas to a generation who has been failed by public schools." 
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
Have you ever wondered what math is for? Here's your answer.  
The conversation about race that we need to have now:  
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
A new whale species has been discovered in Sri Lankan waters:  via @TEDFellow
The stories behind The New Yorker's iconic covers:  @FrancoiseMouly
What does it take to live beyond 100 years? These are the surprising predictors of a long, healthy life: 
"I don’t believe that slavery ended in 1865. Instead, it turned into decades of terrorism and violence." 
"I became Lucius25, white supremacist lurker, and digitally I began to infiltrate the infamous alt-right movement." 
4 TED Talks on the harmful effects of online abuse:  
The secret to living longer may be your social life:  
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
A happy childhood has very, very long-lasting effects. 
17 must-read books about leadership: 
The surprising habits of original thinkers:  @AdamMGrant 
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
Here's how long you can expect your post-vacation glow to last: 
"People don’t really listen unless there is an emotional impact that causes them never to forget." 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
These great books offer a blueprint for bold leadership: 
7 rules for building cities where people want to live:  
This week on Sincerely, X, an insider breaks down why corporate America has so few female executives:  @ApplePodcasts 
Why spacing out is a lost art:  @manoushz
"We can't think about cancer -- let alone any disease -- in black-and-white terms." 
"Why should aging well mean struggling to look and move like younger versions of ourselves?"  @thischairrocks
Here's how to build cities that are beautiful, sustainable and surprising: 
How teachers can help kids understand and discuss challenging current events:  via @TED_ED
This phone booth in Times Square lets you listen to the stories of immigrants:  via @TEDFellow
"It's not the passage of time that makes getting older harder than it has to be. It's ageism." @thischairrocks 
Doesn't everyone deserve a chance at a good life?  @WorldBank @JimYongKim 
How @Patreon is helping creators get paid directly by their fans:  @JackConte
We’ve forgotten the danger of nuclear weapons:  @NSquareCollab
New nanotech to catch cancer early:  
"Justice is something that people of goodwill make happen. Justice is a decision." @ProfRonSullivan 
"People make justice happen. Justice is not a thing that just descends from above." @ProfRonSullivan 
This could be the coolest 160 seconds of stargazing you’ll ever get to see. 
This lawyer has freed some 6,000 innocent people over the course of his career:  @ProfRonSullivan 
5 reasons why you shouldn’t miss the solar eclipse:  
These lifesaving scientific tools are made of paper:  @PrakashLab @TEDFellow 
We’re live on Facebook with @deray to talk about America's long road to equality. Tune in and ask your questions:  
"Ageism feeds on denial -- our reluctance to acknowledge that we are going to become that older person." 
How artists can (finally) get paid in the digital age:  @jackconte @Patreon 
"The average person will spend two years of their life on Facebook." @manoushz 
What you want to accomplish — big and small — can actually change who you are.  
Ask yourself this question every time you pick up your phone: 
How boredom makes you more creative:  @manoushz
Have we eliminated boredom? 
How your to-do list shapes your personality: 
In our chaotic world, make an effort to slow down:  #NationalRelaxationDay
How we use our cellphones to distract ourselves from the hard work of actually thinking:  @manoushz
The less sleep you get, the more likely you are to check Facebook. 
How multitasking depletes your brain's energy: 
This is why you get such great ideas in the shower: 
8 TED Talks to watch when you need five minutes of peace:  #NationalRelaxationDay 
In the age of smartphones, it's worth asking: What happens to our creativity if we never get bored? @manoushz 
How boredom leads to your most brilliant ideas:  @manoushz 
Why we must end the fear of getting old:  @thischairrocks 
"We happen to be expressive all the time, even when we're sitting in front of our devices alone." - @kaliouby 
These inspiring, personal stories will make anyone feel less alone: 
Meet the genius scientist transforming the world on a shoestring:  @TEDFellow 
Why a gay Syrian woman is coaching a youth soccer team for refugees:  @fugeesfamily
The director of @WhoseStreetsDoc uses art to tell the inside story of Ferguson protests:  @heartacheNpaint
"Artists are the wall between normal folks and people that use their power to spread fear &amp; hate." @heartacheNpaint 
A legacy of racial injustice follows us in America. What will it take to stop it? 
On Sincerely, X, one man shares his experience living with anxiety and depression. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
"I came from the poorest country in the world. I will not pull up the ladder behind me." @JimYongKim of @WorldBank 
Why we must recognize — and stand against — extremism and white supremacy:  @deborahlipstadt 
"Stand up for what you believe, but take a deep breath while you do it. It's going to be OK." @NoahRFeldman 
"There are facts, there are opinions, and there are lies." @deborahlipstadt 
"It was anti-Semitism, racism, prejudice, parading as rational discourse." @deborahlipstadt 
"We cannot be beguiled by rational appearances. We've got to look underneath — we will find there the extremism." 
"Listening is an important but insufficient step towards social action."  @Sisonkemsimang
"One weekend, one conversation -- hell, one glance -- can change everything." @dhbaron 
"True awe, a sense of wonder and insignificance in the face of something enormous and grand, is rare in our lives." 
This is what really makes aging so hard:  @thischairrocks
There are 100,000 species of bacteria and fungi that live in our dust bunnies. Meet some of them:  @AnneAMadden
37% of Americans believe in ghosts. Here's why they should worry about carbon monoxide poisoning:  @CarriePoppyYES
4 TED speakers offer fresh perspectives on the future of education:  via @TEDRadioHour
"We have seen advances in every aspect of our lives — except our humanity." @fugeesfamily 
How AI can enhance your memory, work and social life:  
"The moment you admit to loving someone, you admit to having a lot to lose." — @LenMandy 
Want to come up with the next world-changing idea? Try procrastinating. 
Let's take a moment to celebrate brilliant women breaking barriers in STEM. 
This riddle has been called the hardest logic puzzle ever. Give it your best shot.  via @TED_ED
The choices we make when we fall in love: 
The Paperfuge costs 20 cents to make and can do the work of a $1,000 machine, no electricity required. @PrakashLab 
Why we want to "wash our hands" of guilt:  
"We are witnessing the decline of facts, when emotions rule." @Sisonkemsimang 
"The world would be a better place if audiences recognized that storytelling is intellectual work." @Sisonkemsimang 
20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time...have you seen them all? 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
What teens ask about sex when their questions are anonymous: 
Are you terrible at small talk? This radio host has some advice: 
Why do happy couples cheat? 
So here's a fun question: How does the mammalian erection work? 
How to build an Alzheimer's-resistant brain:  @LisaGenova 
Why it's important to surround yourself with people who challenge you: 
One key characteristic could predict success: 

7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
"You may think it is ignorant to speak broken English, but even articulate Americans sound foolish to the British." 
Simple ways to raise kids who are creative, confident, and in control of the world around them: 
Shah Rukh Khan: What fame has taught me about humanity.  @iamsrk @StarPlus 
Why you should define your fears instead of your goals:  @tferriss
"Most of what kids currently learn at school will probably be irrelevant by the time they are 40." 
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
Feeling overwhelmed? Here are 12 truths you can be absolutely sure of:  @ANNELAMOTT
How to raise gutsy girls:  @carowriter
6 TED Talks that will make you less afraid of the future: 
A delicate, powerful performance of spoken word, violin and dance: 
A beautiful dance performance to honor Mother Earth:  
Meet the microscopic life in your home — and on your face:  @AnneAMadden 
Want a productive office? Hire givers, not takers:  @AdamMGrant
Would you live in a home where you shared this much space with your neighbors? @GraceKimArch 
This classic style of living can make us happier... and live longer:   @GraceKimArch
Why you should define your fears instead of your goals:  @tferriss 
"The most meaningful way to succeed is to help other people succeed."  @AdamMGrant
Jet packs aren't just for superheroes anymore. Watch @takeonGravity suit up and fly:  
On Sincerely, X, one man shares his experience living with anxiety and depression. Listen now on @ApplePodcasts:  
Beautifully weird ways to overcome your fear of rejection: 
The inner workings of how your mind identifies a "beautiful" face:  @Anjan435
"Cherish those moments of deep connection with other people, with the natural world, and make them a priority." 
Why a total solar eclipse is the ultimate experience of awe:  @dhbaron
6 TED Talks to watch with your son:  
"My existence may be temporary, but that's OK because, my gosh, look at what I'm a part of." @dhbaron 
"I stopped blaming my sore knee on being 64. My other knee doesn't hurt, and it's just as old." @thischairrocks 
"I was suffering enormous behavioral changes, and it wasn’t just paranoia. It was also the urge to kill." 
You owe it to yourself to experience a total solar eclipse:  @dhbaron 
What if you had a memory that was as good as a computer's? With AI, you might soon. 
8 TED Talks to watch with your daughter:  
"Every time a machine gets smarter, we get smarter." — Tom Gruber, the co-creator of Siri 
Climate change is quite literally going to eat our lunch. But microbiologists may have found us a new food source. 
This pill may be a cure for radiation poisoning:  
"Even a limited nuclear war involving tens of nuclear weapons could lead to the end of all life on the planet." 
There are over 15,000 nuclear weapons in the world. If you live in a city, one is likely pointed right at you. 
What if you could remember every book you've ever read and every song you've ever heard? 
Meetings are the ultimate time-suck. Here's how to fix them. 
"Meetings aren’t work. Meetings are places to talk about things you’re supposed to be doing later." @jasonfried 
Why we must end the fear of getting old:  @thischairrocks 
Watch Ashton Applewhite's full TED Talk on why we must end ageism:  @thischairrocks 
Happy #BookLoversDay! Here are 101 books TED recommends picking up this summer: 
"You can fundamentally change your reaction to fear." Here's how: 
Ever feel alone in a crowded place? This artist gets you: 
5 stellar mini-docs directed, written and produced by women: 
"It is a mistake to assume that everyone thrives under the pressure of choosing alone." 
"You can't progress as a society when you have this kind of asymmetry. It's impossible." @arthurbrooks 
Here's what it feels like to fly over the Grand Canyon:  
"If we don't teach our children to be alone, they will only know how to be lonely." 
The inner workings of how your mind identifies a "beautiful" face:  @Anjan435
Meet the most successful tech entrepreneur you never heard of: 
She was one of the first women in tech -- and she took it by storm. 
How your brain decides what is beautiful:  @Anjan435 
7 TED Talks to help you believe in love again:  #TheBachelorette 
Understanding this interesting cognitive trick can help us better teach our children: 
These 10 African innovators are among the new @TEDFellow class:  via @okayafrica 
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  #InternationalCatDay 
Let's take a moment to celebrate brilliant women breaking barriers in STEM. 
"Fear means you're not focusing on what you're doing." 
"We often think of fear as a weakness, but what if we thought of it as an amazing act of the imagination?" 
"Nobody in the world can succeed alone." 
The best possible way to overcome your fear of rejection: 
"The only way we're going to beat a problem that people are battling alone is by standing strong together." 
What role does reality television play in how we talk about race? #TheBachelorette  
Did you know that you're 30 times more likely to laugh if you're with somebody else than if you're alone? 
"In the U.S. alone, the industrial Internet could raise average income by 25 to 40 percent over the next 15 years." 
Why we want to "wash our hands" of guilt:  
Strange ways your feelings can mess with your senses — and vice versa: 
Diversity specialist (and Eric's aunt) @VernaMyers tells us why we need to talk about race on #TheBachelorette:  
These 32 symbols made by early humans have a mysterious secret. 
6 TED Talks that will make you less afraid of the future: 
How AI will make personal memory enhancement a reality: 
How AI can enhance your memory, work and social life:  
When the rich and powerful are the only ones with access to encryption, it becomes a civil rights issue:  @csoghoian
The approaching designer baby revolution -- and why we should be concerned: 
15 years from now, we may be able to customize our babies. But should we? 
These horrifying stories from new mothers will change how you think about family leave: 
"The time now is to move from mourning and grief to action and transformation." @sandylocks 
"What jobs and tasks will remain least affected by technology? The ones that tap into our social drives." 
Fractals!! 
In an unforgettable live workshop, this painter shows us how to find the complex history hidden in art: 
Shoutout to everyone who freaks out when it's time to calculate the tip! 
Serious question.  @alisonkilling
A toast to the journalists who never give up: 
Get to know our future robot overlords:   
Your local jail is running an illegal extortion scheme: 
It is extremely hard to report sexual assault on college campuses. This app can help. 
There’s nothing uniquely human about the ability to come up with a good, new idea. 
"Over and over throughout history, people in power have used fear to silence truth and dissent." 
8 TED Talks to help you recover from a major setback: 
"Painting is a visual language where everything in the painting is meaningful. It's coded." 
5 TED Talks on how to regrow the human body:  
How to be wise and do the right thing: 
6 TED Talks that will make you less afraid of the future: 
The YOLO (You Only Look Once) system can identify anything from zebras to stop signs with lightning-quick speed: 
Do you have math anxiety because you're bad at math... or are you bad at math because you have math anxiety? 
¡Ideas en nuestro idioma! 8 TED Talks in Spanish, with subtitles in English and other languages. 
"It's simple: it's your body, and you decide what's best to do with it." 
"Play up whatever it is that makes you different, even if you think that some people will find it unattractive." 
How do we know when we’ve truly found “The One”? Let's do the math. 
A girl's early sexual experiences shouldn't be something that she has to get over. 
The shocking move to criminalize nonviolent protest: 
How to sniff out a fake stat:  @MonaChalabi
Embrace who you are, both inside and out. 
"None of our graduates have gone back to jail." Inside a prison education program: 
"Work with me on how we teach our sons to be men -- that it's okay to have feelings and emotions." 
One man's path from Wall Street to prison. 

Listen to Sincerely, X, now on @ApplePodcasts:  
This computer program can recognize almost any object instantly:  @pjreddie 
Be honest. How much do you actually enjoy your screen time?  @adamleealter
With no scientific training, @sharonfterry worked night shifts at a lab to find the gene causing her kids' disease. 
This is what it's like to live with epilepsy:  @SitawaWafula
"This traditional idea of masculinity is a recipe for loneliness, emptiness, a lack of connection." @MichaelS_Kimmel 
"Be the kind of brother who looks out for your fellow man." @zachary_kimmel 
Why glass towers are bad for city life:   @JDavidsonNYC 
To identify job candidates who have substance and not just smarts, ask these questions: 
Here's why you should ask someone "What is 25 times 25?" during a job interview: 
5 interview questions that will help you hire better people:  
On Sincerely, X, a former hedge fund manager shares his path from Wall Street to prison. Listen on @ApplePodcasts:  
Behold, the weirdest projects Google never launched. 
In this honest conversation, a Baby Boomer and his Generation Z son talk about their experiences with masculinity: 
"Fear is contagious. But faith is, too. Faith isn't rational or emotional. Faith is an exercise of the will." 
The six years I was held captive by guerrilla militants — and how I survived:  
Shiny towers of glass, concrete and steel are cropping up in cities like an invasive species. 
What does it mean to be a good man?  
For six years, this woman was held captive by the FARC in a jungle prison camp. Here is her story. 
Love them or hate them. 
"I was suffering notorious behavioral changes. It was distrust, it was hatred, and it was also the urge to kill." 
As if you needed another reason to delete Tinder. 
These are the apps that suck up your time and happiness:  @adamleealter
4 TED Talks to watch if you can't stand your roommates:  
What six years in captivity taught Ingrid Betancourt about fear and faith:  
AHHHHHHH 
This artist is channeling his post-election anxiety into playful, glow-in-the-dark art:  @safwat @TEDFellow
The dangerous digital war for your attention:  @tristanharris
In an unforgettable live workshop, this painter shows us how to find the complex history hidden in art: 
"Why would the community of human minds be less diverse than, say, a rainforest?" @stevesilberman @TED_ED 
A new whale species has been discovered in Sri Lankan waters:  via @TEDFellow
"Painting is a visual language where everything in the painting is meaningful. It's coded." 
"One of my suggestions for improving education is very basic: pay teachers like the professionals they are." 
Art that wrestles with injustice of the past:  
“If we can overlook a species that is so big and moving close to humans, imagine what else we might be missing?” 
Huh. Would you use this? 
ENOUGH. 
Why we need to start planning for the next global disease outbreak now: 
Want to join the fight for equality? Here's where to start: 
Getting people to do what you want them to do requires telling these 3 stories: 
"Outrage is a good way to get your attention, because we don't choose outrage. It happens to us." @tristanharris 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
"The newsfeed control room is not accountable to us. It's only accountable to maximizing attention." @tristanharris 
How your brain hallucinates to create reality: 
We're all hallucinating all of the time. When we agree about our hallucinations, we call it "reality."  @anilkseth
"Our role as leaders is to set the stage, not perform on it." 
These are some of the best places in the world to think and reflect:  
"Being interviewed could mean so much to people, particularly those who had been told their stories didn't matter." 
"Spot, I'm feeling a little thirsty. Could you get me a soda?" 
@dog_rates SpotMini likes pats and treats made of steel
@dog_rates Sadly no bork function capabilities yet :(
Happy #NationalMuttDay to this very good boy.  
@champagnepapad Live feed of the TED office on a Monday morning.
SpotMini is a very good doggo. 

Watch it deliver packages, open doors and play dead in this Boston Dynamics demo:  
Powerful people know how to tell these three stories: 
How AI will change business: 
"Comment-thread bullying will never end if the bullies can’t see the large united front who rejects their behavior." 
This test detects cancer 100 days earlier than traditional methods. That extra time could be life-saving:  @cjimmylin
6 reasons why it's so important to make your neighborhood beautiful:  
This classic style of living can make us happier... and live longer:   @GraceKimArch
What happens when a city runs out of room for its dead?  @alisonkilling
How the future of architecture will be shaped by...you:  
"In prison, I came across some of the most intelligent, brilliant, and talented people I would ever meet." 
Snapstreaks are a manipulative way to keep us glued to Snapchat — and teens are falling for it:  @tristanharris
"Jails are supposed to rehabilitate a person, not cause him or her to become more angry, frustrated, and hopeless." 
This innovative farming technique could create thousands of jobs: 
How to hack online dating: 
This is what it's like to be a teenager in solitary confinement: 
"Architecture is about those visceral, emotional connections that we feel to the places we occupy." @marchitizer 
You've totally got this. 
Break out of the echo chamber: 
3 reasons why we should all care about email encryption: 
Why Bill and Melinda Gates are giving away 95% of their wealth: 
7 TED Talks to watch when you want to break out of your shell:  
8 TED Talks to help you recover from a major setback: 
How to get where you want to be in life: 
"I channel all that anger, all that pain, into advocacy, because I need my pain to be worth something." 
Being wrong sometimes is part of being human. 
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who argue with you. 
"Beauty is a basic service." This artist is breathing life into abandoned buildings: 
10 beautiful buildings show the future of architecture:  
"There's only one thing you have to do to create women leaders: let them know that they have what it takes." 
"Poetry and grace can be found in the words of people all around us when we simply take the time to listen." 
Your emails are like postcards that everyone can read. Here's a better option: 
Here's the motivation you need to get out of your comfort zone this weekend. 
"Architects know how to make buildings greener, smarter, friendlier. We've just been waiting for you to want them." 
Want to know what aliens will be like? Just look at an octopus.  @anilkseth 
“If anything kills 10M people in the coming decades, it probably won’t be a missile—it will be a microbe." 
"The buildings of tomorrow are going to look a lot different than the buildings of today." 
11 TED Talks by brilliant women in STEM: 
GET BACK TO WORK. Or, you know, don't. 
"Corals have been living on Earth for hundreds of millions of years. They survived the extinction of the dinosaurs." 
Why I still have hope for coral reefs:  @CoralSci @TEDFellow 
6 TED Talks to watch when you're feeling lost: 
Don't say we didn't warn you. 
8 TED Talks to help you figure out who you are: 
How to be a functioning adult human person: 
7 TED Talks for easily startled introverts:  
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
Here's how to approach disconcerting moments with grace and fortitude: 
9 tips to take care of yourself in challenging times: 
Because your intern deserves the best. #NationalInternDay 
Life is short. Take some selfies. Keep a journal. 
"Sometimes shifting your perspective is more powerful than being smart."  @astroteller
Your kidneys have a sense of smell! Here's how it works: 
You don't just smell with your nose — you smell with your whole body: 
This week on Sincerely, X, a woman shares her harrowing story of life with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder:  
Let's talk about how gender is a spectrum.  
14 mind-blowing technology breakthroughs: 
Why alone time is an important part of a healthy relationship: 
Would you live in a home where you shared this much space with your neighbors? @GraceKimArch 
Don't try this at home. 
"Our minds and our feelings are not the trustworthy friends we thought they were." 
"Fear is the oldest, deepest and least subtle part of our emotional life, and so therefore it’s boring." @GilbertLiz 
We need to work with, not against, AI: 
"Earth is forgiveness school. It begins with forgiving yourself." @ANNELAMOTT 
Will the next generation of coaches be computers? 
How companies like Snapchat and Netflix prey on our psychology to keep us obsessed:  @tristanharris
"As long as there is breath in your body, it's never too late to change your story." 
7 TED Talks about what it's like to be transgender: 
How to talk about transgender issues: 
The manipulative tricks tech companies use to keep your attention:  @tristanharris 
How to avoid surveillance… with the phone in your pocket:  @csoghoian
"I don't care how smart you think you are. Smart simply means you're ready to learn." 
"Affairs are an act of betrayal. They are also an expression of longing and loss." 
"One of the things I know as a historian is that you should never underestimate human stupidity." 
"Most of what kids currently learn at school will probably be irrelevant by the time they are 40." 
"Teaching is a creative profession, not a delivery system. Great teachers mentor, stimulate, provoke, engage." 
Scientists have been trying to replicate bird flight for years. This robot finally soars:  
"Falling in love is not the same thing as staying in love. Falling in love is the easy part." — @LenMandy 
"Work with me on how we teach our sons to be men -- that it's okay to have feelings and emotions." 
"Accept your strengths and your weaknesses, and understand the difference." @isaaclidsky 
Say hello to the decentralized economy! The blockchain is about to change everything: 
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
We're happy to help, Ali! Might we recommend these TED Talks for your next train ride?  
A blood test that could give you an extra 100 days to fight cancer:  @cjimmylin @TEDFellow 
"I cannot let my family's deaths be diminished to a segment that is barely discussed on local news."  @sbarakat210
This Twitter meme brought an entire continent together:  @SiyandaWrites
This is how original thinkers dream up new ideas and make them happen: 
The largest river on Earth is invisible -- and airborne:  
What @FCousteau learned from living underwater for 31 days:  
Paid family leave isn't just good for families. It's good for the economy too: 
Diversity specialist (and Eric's aunt) @VernaMyers tells TED why we need to talk about race on #TheBachelorette:  
An update on the hunt for life outside Earth: 
"Abolish all doubt and what's left is not faith, but absolute heartless conviction." 
"We need to build a future underwater city. Or better yet, a network of them around the world." 
Why talking about race on #TheBachelorette is so important:  @VernaMyers 
Beautiful photographs of the oldest plants on Earth:  
This classic style of living can make us happier... and live longer:   @GraceKimArch
Would you live in a home where you shared this much space with your neighbors? @GraceKimArch 
Join us in New Orleans for #TEDWomen 2017 in November! Applications to attend are open now:  
Does dreaming big distract us from what really matters?  @danpallotta
Forget big data. It's time for "thick" data. 
"Humans will survive no matter what happens on Earth. We will never be the last of our kind." 
"Being absolutely true to yourself is freedom." 
Seriously, why is it so hard to unsubscribe? Why? WHY?  @veitchtweets
"Pursue audacious goals. Flip expectation upside down and shove limitation off a cliff to meet its demise." 
This is what happens when your slides won't load at a TED conference: 
Three practically painless ways to expand your network:  
"When you give people a sense of hope, you begin to thaw that absolute sense of impossibility." 
When is the last time you did absolutely nothing for 10 minutes? The transformative power of doing just that: 
How to unlock your family history:  
"You can chase your dreams at any age; you're never too old." 
Stop asking "why" you are who you are. Ask yourself these types of questions instead: 
"This next piece is technically the best poem in the world, according to five French strangers." 
Do you prefer your own company? You're not alone. 
Is Twitter the new radio? How real-time storytelling in the digital world is changing fiction: 
3 lessons on balancing career and family:  @Leila_Hoteit
How a strange Norwegian reality show crashed Twitter: 
5 questions to help you get to know your family better: 
This woman grew up in the Westboro Baptist Church... and then she joined Twitter. 
Research suggests that even working 40 hours a week is too much. 
10 reasons to love — and support — our teachers: 
"I dream of a future where menstruation is not a curse, not a disease, but a welcomed change in a girl's life." 
6 beautiful books on how dreams illuminate our lives:  @brainpicker
Feel like you need a vacation from Twitter? You're not alone. 
7 lessons about finding the work you were meant to do:  
Forget the standard four-wheel car. This is the future of transportation: 
"I'm asking you to be color brave, so that every child knows that their dreams are possible." 
This study has tracked the lives of 724 people for 78 years. Here's what it learned: 
"Great dreams aren't just visions. They're visions coupled to strategies for making them real." @astroteller 
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
These are the apps that suck up your time and happiness:  @adamleealter
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
"America was fracturing into two distinct societies: a republic of dreams and a republic of fears." 
A clever, easy way to turn family chaos into peace and calm: 
10 TED Talks to watch in a row because you "forgot" to make plans tonight: 
As if you needed another reason to delete Tinder. 
This week on the @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers explore how we can prevent awful things from happening:  
5 lessons from Susan Robinson's partially sighted (and at times hilarious) life:  
Smart ways to handle your next heated situation: 
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
Newly unemployed? We have some TED Talks for you. 
Am I not human? A call for criminal justice reform:  @_MarlonPeterson 
We're live on Facebook with the @ACLU's Anthony D. Romero discussing how to stand up to injustice. Tune in:  
Meet the genius scientist transforming the world on a shoestring:  @TEDFellow 
Science didn't understand my kids' rare disease... until I decided to study it:  @sharonfterry 
A detailed look at justice in the age of Big Data:  
How to protect the civil rights of sexual assault survivors:  
A new reports reveals that only 9% of the plastic created since 1950 has been recycled. 

That's all. 9% recycled. 
3 TED Talks to end the silence around suicide:  
"If you are someone who has contemplated or attempted suicide, or you know somebody who has, talk about it." 
When this doctor made a fatal mistake with a patient, she realized that medicine has a dangerous burnout problem:  
How to help a loved one who you fear might be considering suicide:  #TalkingAboutIt @PivotalPts 
Why we must break the silence surrounding suicide: 
The biggest kidney stone on record weighed more than a kilogram and was 17 centimeters in diameter. Yikes.  @TED_ED
Eye-opening investigations into the dark underbelly of society: 
"Stand up for what you believe, but take a deep breath while you do it. It's going to be OK." @NoahRFeldman 
"The design of the Constitution is greater than partisanship." @NoahRFeldman 
 
Hamilton vs. Madison and the birth of American partisanship:  @NoahRFeldman 
The starships of the future won’t look anything like Star Trek’s Enterprise:  via @TEDFellow 
The refugee crisis is a test of our character:  @DMiliband @theIRC
Too often, sexual assault survivors aren't informed of their rights. This bill can help:  
In this future, airborne buses collect commuters via tentacles and trees form networks of living houses:  
This is objectively a very bad idea: 
"Technology is the seventh kingdom of life." 
This fascinating experiment discovered the most productive and inspiring office setup: 
"Our evolved sexuality is in direct conflict with many aspects of the modern world." 
Powerful stories told anonymously.

Listen to our new podcast, Sincerely, X, now available on @ApplePodcasts:  
@churusaa Have we got the TED Talk for you, Nathanael. 
A better, safer way to report sexual assault on college campuses: 
This "SOFT Blimp Bumper Bus" would carry passengers around cities on soft hanging tentacles:  
9 crazy things people do in the name of science...and you thought jumping from the stratosphere was weird: 
Forget big data. It's time for "thick" data. 
The human insights missing from big data:  @triciawang 
In 2009, @triciawang told Nokia that smartphones were the future. Here's why Nokia didn't listen — and paid for it: 
"As a product designer, I try to see the world the way it really is, not the way we think it is." 
=VLOOKUP(This_man, invented_the, electronic_spreadsheet) 
The myth that what happens online isn't "real life" allows digital predators to flourish: 
Gorgeous words of wisdom from @LidiaYuknavitch, @ANNELAMOTT, @LenMandy and more. 
Want a productive office? Hire givers, not takers:  @AdamMGrant
3 lessons for designing products the whole world uses: 
A clean office doesn't make employees more productive -- but it does make us annoyed and resentful: 
Is this Portuguese eco-village a 21st-century utopia?  @JamieJBartlett 
We're all hallucinating all of the time. When we agree about our hallucinations, we call it "reality."  @anilkseth
How your brain hallucinates your conscious reality:  @anilkseth 
How Star Trek will finally come true:  
If you loved Aunt Verna's warmth &amp; realness on #TheBachelorette, just wait until you watch her TED Talk.  @VernaMyers
We all want to do work that we love. But how do you find it? 
TED Fellows are some of the most creative people solving today's problems. Apply to join the 2018 class:  @TEDFellow 
How to find work you love:  
Want a more productive team? Stop measuring productivity: 
Fireflies have a lot of secrets. 
"Apparently trivial freedoms, such as the right to paint your own wall, make people happier and more productive." 
"I teach high school math. I sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it." 
"The way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep." 
How machines are developing intuition -- and building things that would never occur to humans: 
It's time to get rid of nuclear weapons for good:  @NSquareCollab
What rivers can tell us about the earth's history:  @liz_hajek 
This is what teen pregnancy looks like in Latin America:  via @TEDFellow @christian_foto
Eye-opening investigations into the dark underbelly of society: 
"Humility means seeing your worldview as open to improvement by the evidence &amp; experience of others." @Plural_truth 
Inside the world of organized cybercrime:  @calebbarlow
Can clouds buy us more time to solve climate change?  
These sobering portraits will change the way you think of teen pregnancy:  via @TEDFellow @christian_foto 
Where emojis came from — and how they help us communicate across languages:  #WorldEmojiDay @jennamayezing
A small country with big ideas to get rid of fossil fuels:  @MonicaArayaTica 
Entire medieval cities hidden on the forest floor, and other incredible discoveries of 2016:  @indyfromspace
Modern medicine is in danger of losing a powerful, old-fashioned tool: 
Preeeeetty 
Where cybercrime really comes from:  @calebbarlow 
Starlings are one of the most despised birds in North America. But do they deserve their bad reputation? 
These lifesaving scientific tools are made of paper:  @PrakashLab @TEDFellow 
A call for prison reform in spoken word and song:  @johnlegend 
It's time to update our spelling rules. @kgalperin 
With no scientific training, @sharonfterry worked night shifts at a lab to find the gene causing her kids' disease. 
An epic overview of the wars that inspired #GameofThrones:  via @TED_ED
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you have no idea what's going on in the world:  
"Daring to know, daring to understand, means risking the possibility that you could be wrong." @Plural_truth 
Be the coolest kid at the museum with these facts about how dioramas are created: 
Why journalists have an obligation to challenge power:  @jorgeramosnews 
Want to keep your money and private documents safe? You need to watch this talk.  @calebbarlow
"A black woman in 2012 faced more than 10 times the risk of dying related to childbirth as a white woman." 
What it's like to live in a world that wasn’t designed for you:  @minniemelange 
How we can face the future without fear, together:  @rabbisacks 
How museum dioramas get every detail right, down to the poop. 
"Being an accomplice to power is never good journalism." @jorgeramosnews 
"Design can inflict vulnerability on a group whose needs aren't considered." @minniemelange 
10 #TEDTalks on why we do the things we do:  
In the age of information, do we know more but understand less? 
The motivation you need to break out of your information bubble: 
"We can face any future without fear so long as we know we will not face it alone." @rabbisacks 
"Reaching up to collect a coffee that I have paid for is an incredibly dangerous experience." @minniemelange 
Get to know our future robot overlords:   
The impact of algorithms on everything from architecture to online dating: 
These are the apps that suck up your time and happiness:  @adamleealter
How to see past your own perspective and find truth:  @Plural_truth 
Why we see the world the way we do: 
You're not alone. 
7 delightful #TEDTalks that will make you love science: 
The Paperfuge costs 20 cents to make and can do the work of a $1,000 machine, no electricity required. @PrakashLab 
Are you smarter than a pigeon?  
"I often forget that I'm a little person. It's the physical environment and society that remind me." @minniemelange 
Be honest. How much do you actually enjoy your screen time?  @adamleealter
As if you needed another reason to delete Tinder. 
These are the apps that suck up your time and happiness:  @adamleealter
Pastel portraits of the vulnerable Arctic:  @ZariaForman
"#HeForShe is based on a simple idea: that what we share is much more powerful than what divides us." — @e_nyamayaro 
"No matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal." 
"Spoken word poetry cracks open locks." — @kaysarahsera 
"We have the chance to change direction, to have our voices heard, to write ourselves into a future we want." 
"Identity is infinitely dense, like an infinite series of real numbers." @drexlerjorge 
Street art with a message of hope and peace:  @elseedart 
How I found a mythical boiling river in the Amazon:  @georuzo 
"Staying at least one step ahead of the spectator is a fundamental rule in magic." @davidkwong 
.@drexlerjorge on poetry, music and identity:  
Absorbing stories of spirituality, doubt, inclusion and atheism in the modern world. 
"These are not people moving to another country to get a better life. They're fleeing for their lives." @theIRC 
Be the coolest kid at the museum with these facts about how dioramas are created: 
Meet the genius scientist transforming the world on a shoestring:  @TEDFellow 
How museum dioramas get every detail right, down to the poop. 
What rivers can tell us about the earth's history:  @liz_hajek 
A beautiful tribute to the nurses who touch our lives:  @amnurseproject #NursesWeek 
5 TED Talks to watch while you're freaking out about the #Emmys: 
"Empathy and altruism are two of the foundations of civilization." @DMiliband @theIRC 
Hunting for Peru's lost civilizations — with satellites:  @indyfromspace 
"Nowhere is magical unless you can bring the right eyes to it." 
We need to imagine the possible futures unleashed by new technology — before it's too late:  @anabjain 
"Deep down, we're all from nowhere and a little bit from everywhere." @drexlerjorge 
This is ancient ice extracted from the Antarctic and bathed in polarized light:  
"Being an accomplice to power is never good journalism." @jorgeramosnews 
These sobering portraits will change the way you think of teen pregnancy:  via @TEDFellow @christian_foto 
We have until 2041 to save the Antarctic. Here's what you need to know:  
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
Starlings are one of the most despised birds in North America. But do they deserve their bad reputation? 
What democracy should look like -- and what we must prevent it from becoming:  @ACLU
Autistic people are not failed versions of “normal”:  @stevesilberman 
7 super weird TED Talks about art: 
This is what @jorgeramosnews learned about journalism when he stood up to Donald Trump.

Watch his full TED Talk:  
Why journalists have an obligation to challenge power:  @jorgeramosnews 
How Russia hacked the US 2016 Presidential election by exploiting the human mind:  @LauraLGalante
"We are the new editors. We decide what gets attention based on what we give our attention to." — @sallykohn 
These appalling weapons of war are still used by the US:  @LauraBoushnak
The racial politics of time:   @ProfessorCrunk 
Crossword puzzles + magic = @davidkwong 
"The most important innovation in medicine is the power of the human hand—to touch, to comfort, to diagnose." 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie: We should all be feminists.  
Here’s how you can discover history’s hidden artifacts -- without leaving home: 
Are you smarter than a pigeon?  
"We can face any future without fear so long as we know we will not face it alone." @rabbisacks 
How we can face the future without fear, together:  @rabbisacks 
"Dealing with other people demands a kind of flexibility that no set of rules can encompass." 
"We fool ourselves into thinking that autism is a 'puzzle' that will be solved by the next medical breakthrough." 
"Mars is the kind of place where you can jump over your car instead of walk around it." 
What if your doctor could practice your surgery ahead of time... on an exact replica of your body? 
9 TED Talks for theater geeks:  
"Art cannot change the future, but it can touch the present." 
Why one emergency medical worker decided to be honest when critically injured people ask if they're dying: 
Why sharing someone else's nude photos without their permission is a horrifying betrayal of privacy: 
Nude photos are not the problem. Nonconsensually sharing or publishing nude photos is the problem. 
I am the son of a terrorist. Here's how I chose peace:  @ZakEbrahim
8 TED Talks to help you explain difficult topics to kids:  
The motivation you need to break out of your information bubble: 
How a blind astronomer found a way to hear the stars:  
The Paperfuge costs 20 cents to make and can do the work of a $1,000 machine, no electricity required. @PrakashLab 
"We can't practice compassion with other people if we can't treat ourselves kindly." 
“Empathy is more powerful than hate, and our lives should be dedicated to making it go viral.”  @ZakEbrahim
Shoutout to everyone who freaks out when it's time to calculate the tip! 
8 TED Talks on the power of social media:  
"The littlest things you brought into the world give you peace in your final moments." 
The countries you least expect could end fossil fuels:  @MonicaArayaTica
"Stories matter. Stories can break the dignity of a people, but stories can also repair that broken dignity." 
Get in on this tiny jungle party!  @shubzsharma
Why all new parents should get paid time off work:  @jessicashortall
Forget political correctness. Let's try this instead:  @sallykohn
This spoken word performance is a beautiful lesson on self-expression: 
These 5 TED Talks explore how climate change already impacts our daily lives: 
This mindset can help you make better decisions:  @juliagalef
We are unprepared for the digital age of conflict: 
"A core part of addiction is about not being able to bear to be present in your life." - @johannhari101 
4 powerful poems about Parkinson's and growing older:  @TheRobinMorgan 
7 TED Talks to watch when it's too hot to function:  
"Humor is such a powerful game-changer." 
How to grow a forest in your backyard:  @shubzsharma 
"If you don't like the 24/7 all-Kardashian programming, you've got to stop clicking stories about Kim Kardashian." 
"Being brave is easier when we can count on the compassion of others." @onmylevel_chey 
"Thinking about death clarifies your life." How one artist helps you do that:  
Which country does the most good for the planet? You might be surprised:  
"We have seen advances in every aspect of our lives — except our humanity." @fugeesfamily 
Treat yourself to a night at the jazz club: 
7 TED Talks on the fabulous life of germs:  
"We can spend endless time in self-reflection but emerge with no more self-insight than when we started." 
What you learn when you stare into the eyes of a stranger: 
Why climate change is a human rights issue:  
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
How online shaming destroys lives:  @jonronson
This powerful talk by Bryan Stevenson got the longest standing ovation in TED's history: 
"No free and open society can long sustain this kind of rising economic inequality. It has never happened." 
Success is a continuous journey, not a one way street: 
"Image is powerful, but it's also superficial." 
Maybe you don't need a backup plan. 
How to spot a liar: 
9 TED Talks by badass activist artists: 
Do we really want a world where intelligent machines patrol our streets? @anabjain  
8 TED Talks about how the medicines we depend on are made: 
Every museum you wish you could visit -- in extraordinary detail:  @googlearts
“Even people raised on hate can make a choice about who they want to be.”  @ZakEbrahim
Why activists need to be brave, brave, brave: 
You can grow new brain cells. Here's how:  
“Innovation is not just a matter of luck. It’s possible to have a strategy of innovation.” 
"It is profoundly traumatizing to be told by tens of thousands of people that you need to get out." — @jonronson 
6 TED Talks celebrate that #LoveIsLove:  
The grammar lesson you wish you’d gotten in high school: 
The chilling story of the mind games that helped East Germany's secret police gain power: 
"Everything we blog, everything tweet, and everything we click is a public act of making media." 
10 #TEDTalks to help you speak powerfully: 
What time is it? Summertime. 
Why we sometimes choose to act out of character: 
The unsung heroes of healthcare. 
Plants will never disappoint you. 
Why jealousy is so powerful: 
This missing information is costing money, time, and even people’s lives. 
A quick pick-me-up for your brain. 
"A new era is coming. Higher education is becoming a basic right, affordable and accessible for all." 
"We fear the sound of our own voice, but it gives us the power to change our environment." 
How movies have the power to shape our memories and worldviews: 
How your early life experiences are written into your DNA:  
"The best time to work on your marriage is before you have one." 
3 moments humanity teetered on the edge -- and how we survived:  @indyfromspace
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
"My friends on Twitter took the time to understand Westboro's doctrines, and they found inconsistencies I'd missed." 
That crazy, sci-fi future you imagine? It’s here. 
For once it actually is rocket science. 
10 TED Talks to watch when you've just finished a good book:  
A celebration of natural hair:  @onmylevel_chey 
How to let kindness guide your choices in life: 
What does your online behavior say about you? More than you think: 
"Our challenge is to find the compassion for others that we want them to have for us." 
How to break a bad habit -- for good: 
Ever wished you could fly? Here's what it feels like to fly over the Grand Canyon:  
"Our challenge is to find the compassion for others that we want them to have for us." 
"If you want to go out and start your own cemetery, you kind of can." 
6 TED Talks to watch before a job interview:  
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you're stuck in a rut: 
3 TED Talks to watch when you have a big decision to make:  
10 TED Talks on how we're exploring outer space: 
How procrastination makes us spectators in our own lives: 
"Feminism will make it possible for the first time for men to be free." 
Why we see the world the way we do: 
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." 
The magic ingredient that brings @DisneyPixar movies to life:  @dafeinberg 
This octopus comes out of nowhere:  
If you've ever loved an addict, this talk is for you: 
3 ways people react when they learn they're about to die: 
How the languages we speak affect the way we think: 
"The dying need to know that their life had meaning." 
Don't say we didn't warn you. 
"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
"Humans will survive no matter what happens on Earth. We will never be the last of our kind." 
You only wish you could procrastinate as well as this guy. 
Programmers have more power than we know: 
This brilliant a cappella performance is one of a kind: 
What environmental devastation actually looks like: 
This is what stars sound like:  
12 #TEDTalks for when you wish you could go back to college:  
These powerful photos expose the reality of inequality and harmful environmental toxins: 
"The world is going to need all of the different kinds of minds to work together." - @DrTempleGrandin 
We all need this talk right now. 
11 TED Talks on how we can redesign humans: 
"The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult, but rather better adults than you have been." 
8 TED Talks to remind you that your story isn't over:  
7 TED Talks on how to be smart about your money:  
"I love my students, and I believe in their possibilities unconditionally." 
"Each of us is more than the worst thing we've ever done." - Bryan Stevenson 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
This new kind of wireless Internet could get the whole world online: 
10 TED Talks for parents who are short on time but starved for intellectual stimulation:   
Do you prefer your own company? You're not alone. 
How HoloLens adds a layer of magic to the real world: 
This woman's job is to imagine the consequences of new inventions:  @anabjain
8 TED Talks on how architecture affects your emotions: 
6 curious kids interview their moms about life and love:  
7 #TEDTalks for when you wish you had time to read:  
How human noise affects ocean habitats:  
"Magic is the only honest profession. A magician promises to deceive you -- and he does." 
Think the ocean is a silent world? Think again. 
The choices we make when we fall in love: 
We could all stand to listen a little more. 
"Teaching is a creative profession, not a delivery system. Great teachers mentor, stimulate, provoke, engage." 
Learn something new in the next five minutes. 
"The biggest challenges and problems we face will never be solved with comfortable conversations." @tferriss 
In defense of facts. 
"Love is a process. Thinking of it as binary causes us to be unduly concerned that it's fraudulent or inadequate." 
This is the kind of leadership the world wants: 
What a planet needs to sustain life: 
Great TED Talks to watch instead of whatever you're actually supposed to be doing: 
Smart ways to build yourself up: 
10 reasons to love — and support — our teachers: 
"I wouldn't wish this gift for you. I'm not sure you'd want it. But I wouldn't change my experience." 
9 TED Talks on the best ways to practice effectively:  
Mew mew mew. 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
Ask these questions to better understand yourself. 
"In order for connection to happen, we have to allow ourselves to be seen, really seen." 
"Over and over throughout history, people in power have used fear to silence truth and dissent." 
Know your worth, and then ask for it.  @pricingcasey 
Feeling hopeless? This talk will help. 
Cutting-edge tactics to keep your organization one step ahead: 
Be a better friend to yourself: 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
How to understand and expose corruption: 
"Every time a women has sex simply because it feels good, it is revolutionary. She is revolutionary."  @SexProfSofia
8 TED Talks to help you recover from a major setback: 
"For decades, we've been focused on political correctness, but what matters more is emotional correctness." 
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
Who are you, really? The puzzle of personality:  @DrBrianRLittle 
Want to be paid what you're worth? A pricing consultant gives her advice:  @pricingcasey
This is how people behave when they feel wealthy. 
How to know if your dog really loves you: 
"If we married for love, what does it mean, now, to be married without love?" 
We must end abuse, whether it's emotional, physical, sexual or digital: 
Embrace who you are, both inside and out. 
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
3 ways to recover from rejection: 
Boss up. 
Want to be happy? Slow down:  
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
"Lying is an attempt to connect our wishes and our fantasies about who we wish we were with what we're really like." 
8 TED Talks on how to work together effectively: 
7 delightful TED Talks that will make you love science: 
10 TED Talks to help you survive the apocalypse:  
How to turn shame into strength: 
Exciting new discoveries explained by experts: 
Can a test measure the power of your imagination? 
Why losing someone you love only makes you want them more: 
"Most of what kids currently learn at school will probably be irrelevant by the time they are 40." 
Watch these talks before your family asks what you're doing with your life: 
"Gender colors the way we experience the world. But we can change that." 
"If you have a cell phone, you have access to power that a superpower would have highly classified 10 years ago." 
"The problem with stereotypes is not that they are untrue, but that they are incomplete." 
Happy birthday to @elonmusk, a man who is never boring. 
"The future you has to be a you that loves. Otherwise it will cease to flourish." @iamsrk  
The surprising way groups like ISIS stay in power:  @benedettabertiw 
Well, this explains a lot. 
How to push past your biggest fears and act:  @tferriss 
Your boss isn't paying you what you're worth. They're paying you what they think you're worth. @pricingcasey 
Why you should learn to accept compliments: 
"We spend so much time talking past each other and not enough time talking through our disagreements." 
"We do ourselves a disservice if we give up on people. Nobody is beyond some kind of restorative process." 
"Making the decision to stray from the norm does not define who we are, but it reveals who we are." @onmylevel_chey 
How to reach your full potential: 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
"Ignorance is no excuse at all. Fail to help, and we show we have no moral compass at all." @theIRC 
A short, powerful talk about falling in love with science: 
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
This solar-powered plane can fly for 118 hours:  
"Sleep may actually be a kind of elegant design solution to some of the brain's most basic needs." 
"Difference of any kind made no difference to the lengths that the rescuers were prepared to go to save my life." 
The surprising reason you're unproductive at work:

1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
Don't let your work speak for itself. Here's how to communicate your value:  @pricingcasey
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
This brilliant architect can fix any problem using one simple way of thinking:  
"Don't stand by the sidelines when you see someone getting hurt. If someone is being abused, do something." 
9 jaw-dropping science breakthroughs:  
"We teach boys to be afraid of weakness, of vulnerability. We teach them to mask their true selves." 
For everyone who waits until the last minute to get things done: 
"Where in your lives right now might defining your fears be more important than defining your goals?" @tferriss 
The how-to's of powerful speaking — from handy vocal exercises to tips on speaking with empathy: 
Here's how to approach disconcerting moments with grace and fortitude: 
Math is everywhere. It's watching you. It's coming for you. 
In a time when irrationality seems to rule both politics and culture, has reasoned thinking finally lost its power? 
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
"Fear is a kind of unintentional storytelling that we are all born knowing how to do." 
Extroverts, introverts and the puzzle of personality:  @DrBrianRLittle
7 lessons about finding the work you were meant to do:  
The magic of talking to strangers:  @kiostark
Order up a double shot of brain fuel: 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
"Divorce is intrinsically hard, but our cultural beliefs and attitudes make it even harder than it needs to be." 
"There’s nothing in the auditory world that is harder for the brain to process than music.” 
Networking doesn’t have to be awkward. How to turn small talk into meaningful discussions: 
"Queerness encompasses all of the layers of who I am and how I've loved." — @KimKatrinMilan  

Happy Pride, everyone! 
"The problem with gender is that it prescribes how we should be rather than recognizing how we are." 
Why you should define your fears instead of your goals:  @tferriss 
"Gender as it functions today is a grave injustice." 
10 research tips for finding answers online: 
"The gray areas are where you find the complexity, the humanity, and the truth." 
.@iamsrk on the power of love.

Watch Shah Rukh Khan's full TED Talk:  
The surprising differences between introverts and extroverts: 
What can the ancient past teach us about parenting today? An archaeologist explains: 
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
“You’re imperfect, and you’re wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging.” 
A queer vision of love and marriage:  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan #Pride2017 
Simple ways to raise kids who are creative, confident, and in control of the world around them: 
9 tips to take care of yourself in challenging times: 
These great books offer a blueprint for bold leadership: 
"Do you yearn to defend your own beliefs, or do you yearn to see the world as clearly as you possibly can?" 
Shah Rukh Khan: What fame has taught me about humanity.  @iamsrk 
"We do a great disservice to boys on how we raise them; we stifle the humanity of boys." 
"You don’t need to work for an organization that saves lives to find meaning and purpose in what you do." 
Are you a soldier or a scout? Your answer could determine how clearly you see the world. 
6 creative geniuses share their storytelling advice: 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
The math and magic of origami:  
"This is more than about a hairstyle. It's about self-love and self-worth." @onmylevel_chey 
Does introspection lead to greater self-understanding? Maybe not. 
Because no one enjoys talking about the weather. 
It's amazing what a rigged game of Monopoly can reveal. 
“Sometimes I feel like I don’t make a difference, and it’s great to be reminded that I do.” 
Why a gay Syrian woman is coaching a youth soccer team for refugees:  @fugeesfamily
Don't feel sorry for refugees — believe in them:  @fugeesfamily 
On this week's @TEDRadioHour, 5 TED speakers share advice on navigating a world where facts are up for debate. 
Stop asking why you feel the way you do. Ask this instead. 
These are real tweets and Facebook comments @AshleyJudd has received online: 
Walking as a revolutionary act of self-care:  @GirlTrek 
"Being brave is easier when we can count on the compassion of others." @onmylevel_chey 
Enough excuses. Online abuse must stop now:  @AshleyJudd 
Watch @AshleyJudd's powerful talk about why online abuse must end immediately:   
"Believe her. Believe her." @AshleyJudd 
"This is more than about a hairstyle. It's about self-love and self-worth." @onmylevel_chey 
"Making the decision to stray from the norm does not define who we are, but it reveals who we are." @onmylevel_chey 
3 books to read if you’re spending summer in the city:  
#PutYourPhoneDownAnd pick it back up again to watch these TED Talks about unplugging! 
5 books to read when your kids are restless:  
How do queer girls define virginity?

Watch @peggyorenstein's talk about how young women think about sex:  #Pride2017 
A celebration of natural hair:  @onmylevel_chey 
4 books to read when you're in the mood for adventure:  
8 books to read when you’re plotting to conquer the world:  
TED's annual summer reading list is here! 101 books recommended by TED speakers, from geopolitics to poetry. 
"We have the chance to change direction, to have our voices heard, to write ourselves into a future we want." 
Why Occupy Wall Street had a library containing over 5,000 books, magazines and newspapers:  @zeynep
A summer school kids actually want to attend:  @KarimAbouelnaga @TEDFellow 
This woman's job is to imagine the consequences of new inventions:  @anabjain
A very helpful dad invented the bendy straw in the 1930s when his daughter couldn't reach her milkshake:  via @TED_ED
"Our world is on fire, and it is our job to recognize that it's our responsibility to help put out the flames." 
"Reaching up to collect a coffee that I have paid for is an incredibly dangerous experience." @minniemelange 
"Design can inflict vulnerability on a group whose needs aren't considered." @minniemelange 
The extremely freaky innards of our planet:  
What causes déjà vu? New science reveals how to trigger it. 
"The word 'midget' is a slur. It evolved from PT Barnum's era of circuses and freak shows." @minniemelange 
"I often forget that I'm a little person. It's the physical environment and society that remind me." @minniemelange 
What it's like to live in a world that wasn’t designed for you:  @minniemelange 
Do we really want a world where intelligent machines patrol our streets? @anabjain  
A powerful message of hope for anyone who feels disappointed by modern religion: 
Would you visit the "healing forests" of South Korea? 
"Religion can and must be a force for good in the world." 
Starlings are one of the most despised birds in North America. But do they deserve their bad reputation?  
Weird psychology alert! Researchers used redecorated rooms in @TheSims to give people déjà vu. 
This is the wrong way to be introspective: 
"Waking a teenager up at 6am is the biological equivalent of waking an adult up at 4am." @wendytroxel 
How the @WorldBank invests $25 billion a year in the world's poorest countries:  @JimYongKim
"These are not people moving to another country to get a better life. They're fleeing for their lives." @theIRC 
"Empathy and altruism are two of the foundations of civilization." @DMiliband @theIRC #WorldRefugeeDay  
"Ignorance is no excuse at all. Fail to help, and we show we have no moral compass at all." @theIRC #WorldRefugeeDay 
Starlings are terrible birds and North America is stuck with them. 
"Walk right now in the direction of your healthiest, most fulfilled life, because self-care is a revolutionary act." 
Is the Internet just a "series of tubes"? Kind of. 
A climate solution where all sides can win:  @TedHalstead @TheCLCouncil 
Now is not the time to ban refugees. It's the time to embrace victims of terror. #WorldRefugeeDay  @DMiliband @theIRC 
The refugee crisis is a test of our character:  @DMiliband @theIRC #WorldRefugeeDay 
A study of 30,000 teens found that for each hour of lost sleep, there was a 58% increase in suicide attempts. 
"Religion is supposed to be about giving people back a sense of purpose, a sense of hope." 
"I came from the poorest country in the world. I will not pull up the ladder behind me." @JimYongKim of @WorldBank 
"Our religious leaders forgot that it's our job to wake people up, to pull them out of apathy and into the anguish." 
"Hope may be the single greatest act of defiance against a politics of pessimism and against a culture of despair." 
When Black women walk, things change.  @GirlTrek 
Charleena Lyles. 

Why we must #SayHerName: 
"I can't help but wonder what would happen if there were women walking on Trayvon's block that day." @GirlTrek 
No one should die because they live too far from medical care. @rajpanjabi of @lastmilehealth has a plan to help.  
After one district implemented later school start times, car crash rates went down 70%. 
Stop asking "why" you are who you are. Ask yourself these types of questions instead: 
Ask @TheMrMilan about LGBTQ activism &amp; his experience as a trans man! Reply here &amp; see his answers on TED's Instagram this Friday #Pride2017
Half of the clinical trials that tested the medicines we use today never published the results. 
"Hidden mathematical truths permeate our whole physical world." — Cédric Villani 
A powerful letter from my great-great-grandfather, who escaped slavery in 1855:  @kyraOcity #Juneteenth
"This is more than any memory passed down orally. It was evidence of a liberated truth." @kyraOcity #Juneteenth 
What's your favorite @TEDRadioHour? Here's host @guyraz's pick. #100TEDRadioHours

Listen to more episodes here:  
This jet pack is straight out of a superhero movie:  @takeonGravity 
If asteroid hunting in the USA were a business, this man would be the CEO. 
This "human composting facility" in Seattle will be part funeral home, part public park:   @UrbanDeathProj
Absorbing stories of spirituality, doubt, inclusion and atheism in the modern world. 
What if our bodies could grow new life after we die, instead of being embalmed or cremated? @UrbanDeathProj 
"In US cemeteries, we bury enough metal to build a Golden Gate Bridge." @UrbanDeathProj 
"The biggest challenges and problems we face will never be solved with comfortable conversations." @tferriss 
Drawings that show the beauty and fragility of Earth:  @ZariaForman 
"Help is the sunny side of control. Stop helping so much. Don't get your goodness all over everybody. @ANNELAMOTT 
A father-daughter bond, one photo at a time:  #FathersDay
A beatboxing lesson from a father-daughter duo:  @RealNicoleParis #FathersDay 
“A father locked in should not be locked out of his daughter's life.” #FathersDay 
How new technology helps blind people explore the world:  
To understand autism, don't look away:  @carinamorillo 
What happens in your brain when you pay attention:  @mehdi_ordikhani 
"There is no need to be an expert nor do anything heroic to include someone." @carinamorillo 
"If people wanted you to write more warmly about them, they should've behaved better." @ANNELAMOTT 
"If people wanted you to write more warmly about them, they should've behaved better." @ANNELAMOTT 
"Earth is forgiveness school. It begins with forgiving yourself." @ANNELAMOTT 
"Earth is forgiveness school. It begins with forgiving yourself." @ANNELAMOTT 
A vision of marriage that lets us be ourselves:  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan #Pride2017 
12 truths I learned from life and writing:  @ANNELAMOTT 
12 truths I learned from life and writing:  @ANNELAMOTT 
"Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes, including you." @ANNELAMOTT 
"Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes, including you." @ANNELAMOTT 
"Radical self-care is quantum, and it radiates out from you into the atmosphere like fresh air." @ANNELAMOTT 
"Radical self-care is quantum, and it radiates out from you into the atmosphere like fresh air." @ANNELAMOTT 
Feeling overwhelmed? Here are 12 truths you can be absolutely sure of:  @ANNELAMOTT
Feeling overwhelmed? Here are 12 truths you can be absolutely sure of:  @ANNELAMOTT
"Where in your lives right now might defining your fears be more important than defining your goals?" @tferriss 
Why you should define your fears instead of your goals:  @tferriss 
Why Adam Driver brings theater to the military:   
How young Africans found a voice on Twitter:  @SiyandaWrites 
What time is it? Summertime. 
How #IfAfricaWasABar brought a continent together:  @SiyandaWrites
Doesn't everyone deserve a chance at a good life?  @WorldBank @JimYongKim 
Awoo!  @sofitukker 
How immigrant voices make democracy stronger:  
A Copenhagener launched a program to bring older Danes on bicycle outings. Now @CycleWithoutAge is in 29 countries. 
These Nunavut teens use dance to honor friends they've lost to a suicide epidemic:  via @TEDFellow 
.@CFigueres didn’t think climate change could be solved. Then she brokered the #ParisAgreement: 
"From Harriet Tubman to the women in Montgomery, when black women walk, things change." @MorganTreks @GirlTrek 
How germs travel on planes — and how we can stop them:  @RM_Wang 
A designer shares his obsessive quest to inspire new generations of readers and thinkers:  @michaelbierut
Eye-opening research on the crucial leadership role that women play in resistance movements:  @juliabacha
Why SETI doesn't think we're alone in the universe: 
The best ways to parent during a divorce: 
The best way to talk to kids about divorce: 
This brave woman guides journalists through war-torn Gaza, showing them the untold stories of her home country: 
With no scientific training, @sharonfterry worked night shifts at a lab to find the gene causing her kids' disease. 
Science didn't understand my kids' rare disease... until I decided to study it:  @sharonfterry 
"I have fought to be in this country and I continue to do so every day." @SayuBhojwani 
Here's how @OKGo comes up with their out-of-this-world music videos: 
After fighting overseas, 92% of American veterans want to continue their service. Disaster relief is a perfect fit. 
How natural disasters can offer a new mission to veterans: 
The next few years will be busy for the moon, with no fewer than 14 landings in the works. 
Occupy Wall Street had a library containing over 5,000 volumes, including books, magazines and newspapers. @zeynep 
Half of the clinical trials that tested the medicines we use today have never published their results. 
"In US cemeteries, we bury enough metal to build a Golden Gate Bridge." @UrbanDeathProj 
The hidden truth about our prescription medications:  
Here's a sentence you never thought you'd read: The oceans desperately need more whale poop. 
"I'm kind of obsessed with flags." And now you will be too. #FlagDay 
"In setting up the library, protesters express a desire for people over profits or money." @zeynep 
Why do protest camps have libraries?  @zeynep 
The Flint water crisis — and the scientists who said nothing: 
What if our bodies could grow new life after we die, instead of being embalmed or cremated? @UrbanDeathProj 
This "human composting facility" in Seattle will be part funeral home, part public park:   @UrbanDeathProj
Why whistleblowers are more vulnerable than ever:  @trevortimm 
Economic growth has stalled. Let's fix it:  @dambisamoyo 
A doctor's case for medical marijuana:  
"Putting the right tools in the hands of more people could create more scientific discoveries." 
Want to end terror? We're going to need freedom of the press and an open Internet.  @rmack
A hilarious breakdown of how branding and product placement influence your life:  @MorganSpurlock
7 TED Talks to watch when it's too hot to function:  
Send this TED Talk to that coworker who is very interested in their "personal brand." 
🐼  
"How can you not love mercy — kindness, compassion, forgiveness? It’s like not loving dessert, or cheese."   #TED2017
Pastel portraits of the vulnerable Arctic:  @ZariaForman
How to protect whistleblowers in the Internet era:  @trevortimm 
Watch @takeonGravity suit up and fly at #TED2017... with a little help from @donttrythis.  @takeonGravity 
"Every day in America, 137 black women die from heart disease. That's every 11 minutes." @MorganTreks @GirlTrek 
"The biggest challenges and problems we face will never be solved with comfortable conversations." @tferriss 
We made a playlist of TED Talks that are all under 4 minutes long for commitment-phobes! 😚  
How I built a jet suit:  @takeonGravity 
This jet suit is straight out of a superhero movie:  @takeonGravity 
Get a sneak preview of #TEDGlobal's brilliant speakers! It's not too late to apply to attend:  
The treadmill really is a torture device:  via @TED_ED
Bring tissues. 
Why do people join cults? A crash course in how cults recruit and manipulate their members: 
4 TED Talks about the air around us:  
7 TED Talks to help you believe in love again:  
8 TED Talks to watch when school's out for the summer:  
6 smart ways to think about the future of health care: 
Happy #Pride2017! Let's dance.  
Immigrants vote. We need them in government too:  @SayuBhojwani
Need a refresher on what inspired the Shakespearean classic? 

The great conspiracy against Julius Caesar: 
Watch @tferriss's new TED Talk about why you should define your fears:  
"Where in your lives right now might defining your fears be more important than defining your goals?" @tferriss 
Why you should define your fears instead of your goals:  @tferriss 
How refugees can help your country thrive:  @refugeestudies
How free is our freedom of the press?  @trevortimm
A love that lets us be ourselves:  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan 
Would you donate a kidney to a stranger?  @aa_marsh
This beautiful talk will show you what it feels like to dive hundreds of feet underwater -- without equipment: 
Happy #Pride2017! Here are some of our favorite TED Talks that celebrate LGBTQ love and life:  
A surprising look at PTSD through the eyes of a war journalist:  @sebastianjunger
Why whistleblowers are more vulnerable than ever:  @trevortimm 
Art that shows the urgency of climate change:  @ZariaForman
"Let us not forget to think before we speak, just because we might have a screen in front of us." @ionewells 
Colorful community art projects — for everyone:  
How we'll find life on other planets:  @aomawa 
A new superweapon in the fight against cancer:   
"Queerness encompasses all of the layers of who I am and how I've loved." @KimKatrinMilan 
How to raise kids who love nature:  @Emma_Marris 
That moment when our transcribers completely gave up on understanding @reggiewatts:  
A soul-baring story of truth-telling:  @ElizabethLesser
"My optimism never wavers because I know that there are millions of immigrants just like me. It's our country, too." 
"Earth is forgiveness school. It begins with forgiving yourself." @ANNELAMOTT 
Is your family driving you nuts? Escape with these talks: 
"If you want to tell someone that you'll love them forever and ever, give them a theorem!" 
9 TED Talks for people who just really love plants: 
"Compassion is the capacity to see clearly into the nature of suffering." 
"If you’re willing to die for someone, it’s clearly a form of love, and it’s the core reason that men miss war." 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
"The miracle of your mind isn't that you can see the world as it is. It's that you can see the world as it isn't." 
What drives people to help others:  @aa_marsh
"We've been fishing the seas like we clear-cut forests. It's hard to overstate the destruction." 
"Our ability to experience joy and love, and to improve our reality, comes only when we make ourselves vulnerable." 
"Do you yearn to defend your own beliefs, or do you yearn to see the world as clearly as you possibly can?" 
7 delightful TED Talks that will make you love science: 
The inconvenient truth about love — and divorce:  
Why losing someone you love only makes you want them more: 
Please, for the love of all that is good in this world, let the teens sleep. 
Are you a soldier or a scout? Your answer could determine how clearly you see the world. 
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
.@thisisdanbell is in love with abandoned shopping malls, and now you will be too. 
The inside story of the #ParisAgreement:  @CFigueres 
"If people wanted you to write more warmly about them, they should've behaved better." @ANNELAMOTT 
"Radical self-care is quantum, and it radiates out from you into the atmosphere like fresh air." @ANNELAMOTT 
"Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes, including you." @ANNELAMOTT 
Feeling overwhelmed? Here are 12 truths you can be absolutely sure of:  @ANNELAMOTT
12 truths I learned from life and writing:  @ANNELAMOTT 
"You can't buy, achieve or date serenity and peace of mind." @ANNELAMOTT  
Happy #Pride2017! Here are some of our favorite TED Talks that celebrate LGBTQ love and life:  
Behold, the encyclopedia of a single person:  @rikisabatini
The very real benefits of medical marijuana: 
Do you call yourself a left-brained learner or a right-brained learner? Well, you should probably stop. 
"'Olé!' to you, just for having the sheer human love and stubbornness to keep showing up." 
Science knows more about coffee, wine and tomatoes than it does about breast milk. @Mammals_Suck 
.@okgo shares their advice on how to find wonderful ideas:  
Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin on the value of lifelong friendship:  #NationalBestFriendsDay 
We're filling up Earth's orbit with our dead satellites, because of course we are.  @nmpanek 
Breathtaking photos of the luminous Bahá’i Temple of South America:  
What happens in your brain when you pay attention:  @mehdi_ordikhani 
What do we want the world to look like 50 years from now? 6 strategies for shaping the future:  via @TEDFellow
Happy #WorldOceansDay! Here are 10 colorful sea creatures, up close and personal:  
"Nothing else will matter if we fail to protect the ocean. Our fate and the ocean's are one."  #WorldOceansDay
Just a weird star … or signs of an alien civilization? 
Every piece of art you've ever wanted to see — up close and searchable:  @googlearts 
The current US government is not alone in questioning the findings of science: 
Every piece of art you've ever wanted to see — up close and searchable:  @googlearts 
"We are in the process of building some sort of god. Now is a good time to make sure it's a god we can live with." 
How Adam Driver is changing entertainment for the Armed Forces — and making it more thoughtful: 
Ladies and gentlemen... @RhiannonGiddens! 
I’m an Iranian-American Muslim. Here’s how that works:  @NeginFarsad 
A beautiful video game to help us cope with grief:  
What you learn when you stare into the eyes of a stranger: 
"Impossible is not a fact, it's an attitude. It's only an attitude."  @CFigueres
"There is no need to be an expert nor do anything heroic to include someone." @carinamorillo 
To understand autism, don't look away:  @carinamorillo 
What happens in your brain when you share a memory with someone else:  @HassonLab
It's #GlobalRunningDay! Were humans born to run? 
Walking as a revolutionary act of self-care:  @GirlTrek 
We can spend endless amounts of time in self-reflection but emerge with no more self-insight than when we started. 
These are the best questions to ask yourself: 
There are real costs to not taking a quality vacation. Here's how to do it right: 
This is your brain on listening:  @HassonLab
This is your brain on listening:  @HassonLab
Shiny towers of glass, concrete and steel are cropping up in cities like an invasive species. 
This project is trying to create the world’s first fully digital organism: 
The healing power of South Korea's forest therapy trails:  
Why glass towers are bad for city life:   @JDavidsonNYC 
Want a vibrant city? Stop building glass towers.  @JDavidsonNYC 
How do you bring a 1,157-year-old library up to date? 
Pope Francis is taking climate change seriously. Why his embrace of science matters:  #ActOnClimate 
4 #TEDTalks on why we need brave journalists: 
The future of news will put you right in the story: 
5 ways to lead in an era of constant change:  
"Science is based on the collective wisdom of all of the scientists who have worked on a particular problem." 
How we could finally get rid of traffic in cities: 
Am I not human? A call for criminal justice reform:  @_MarlonPeterson 
"Humility means seeing your worldview as open to improvement by the evidence &amp; experience of others." @Plural_truth 
For all of your Spring cleaning inspiration needs. 
Four ways to be an empathetic parent while going through a divorce: 
Nature is everywhere — we just need to learn to see it:  @Emma_Marris #WorldEnvironmentDay 
"Daring to know, daring to understand, means risking the possibility that you could be wrong." @Plural_truth 
Want to learn more about who you are? These are the best questions to ask yourself: 
How to see past your own perspective and find truth:  @Plural_truth 
Step into a matrix of the world’s greatest art:  @googlearts
This dinosaur hunter has a beautiful message about our place in the universe:  @kenlacovara
The incredible ways your body changes when you dive deep underwater: 
9 TED Talks by badass activist artists: 
A beatboxing lesson from a father-daughter duo:  @RealNicoleParis 
An artist's look at the air we breathe:  
.@elonmusk discusses his new project digging ultra fast highway tunnels under LA to ease traffic: 
The impact of algorithms on everything from architecture to online dating: 
The future of news? Virtual reality:  @ImmersiveJourno 
Learn about unlocking your creativity from the masters: @OKGo! 
"A dream job isn’t all dreaming; it’s all job, all reality, all blood, all sweat, no tears." @shondarhimes 
This riddle has been called the hardest logic puzzle ever. Give it your best shot.  via @TED_ED
A fun introduction to the Chinese zodiac:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh
"Until we have data to rule it out, intelligent life remains a possibility." 
"What kind of person likes working more than being at home? Me." @shondarhimes 
Stop scolding parents who don't vaccinate their children. Talk to them instead. 
What a driverless world looks like:  
A toast to the journalists who never give up: 
How to read the genome and build a human being:  @rikisabatini 
This brave mother guides journalists through the most dangerous war zones in Gaza: 
One key characteristic could predict success: 

10 #TEDTalks on why we do the things we do:  
"Mathematics allows us to go beyond the intuition and explore territories which do not fit within our grasp." 
How you can make a difference by investing in companies that champion social values and sustainability: 
The laws that sex workers really want:  @fornicatrix #InternationalSexWorkersDay 
Why you can't stop watching Netflix:  @_wernicke
"How does consuming fear 24 hours a day affect the health of our democracy, the health of our free thought?" 
8 reasons to stop what you're doing and play: 
These 9 paintings have a trippy secret:  
Warning: This clip is disgusting but amazing. 
Here are the TED Talks that cheer up a sad Bono: 
How to build a city that doesn't terrify pedestrians:  @JeffSpeckAICP
An art made of trust, vulnerability and connection:  
"Breathe slowly, don't try to blink, don't be self-conscious. Be relaxed." 
Transforming your company? Put employees first: 
The coolest school libraries you’ll ever see @michaelbierut 
Seriously, use your vacation days.

A quick primer on the Chinese zodiac:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh
Rhiannon Giddens pours the emotional weight of American history into her music. @RhiannonGiddens 
The secret weapon we're not using against Zika and other mosquito-borne diseases:  
The perplexing joy of mathematics: 
How the story you tell about yourself affects your life: 
Explore the world’s greatest art in extraordinary detail: 
Why we see the world the way we do: 
"Journalists need to be tough. We need to speak truth to power, but we also need to be responsible." @Lara 
If you've ever used Microsoft Excel, you have this guy to thank: 
You're not alone. 
Mew mew mew. 
When you've had enough of the haters: 
"Illness is universal; access to care is not." @TEDPrize winner @rajpanjabi brings healthcare to remote places. 
15 ways you can fight climate change on your own: 
"In America politicians rarely lead — they follow. So it’s really up to you." 
"The consequences of ignoring science have never been greater." 
This is how the #ParisAgreement happened. 
A Republican climate solution is possible. Here's one idea. #ActOnClimate @TedHalstead @TheCLCouncil 
What do you think about the Trump administration's decision to pull out of the Paris Climate Agreement?
Why the #ParisAgreement matters — from the woman who made it happen. @CFigueres  
4 animations that show what’s really going on with our climate:  #ActOnClimate 
Watch the world's climate change throughout the 20th century:  #ActOnClimate 
Between 1950 and 2014, half of the coral reefs across the oceans died.  #ActOnClimate 
The number of oil drilling sites then and now:  
10 ways to have a better conversation: 
How to transform your business (and keep employees happy): 
Why sex for money should be decriminalized -- and protected:  @fornicatrix
"Wouldn't it be great if, every once in a while, we did mathematics simply because it was fun or beautiful?" 
"Immigrants have the power to change the outcome of elections &amp; to change the face of pale, male, stale leadership." 
How comedy can help fight stereotypes: 
A very, very serious TED Talk about trolls: 
Military life and acting are more similar than you might think:  
Gene drives could eliminate disease -- or destroy everything: 
What it feels like to push your mind and body to the limit — deep underwater:  @guillaumenery
How to gain creative confidence:  
A hilarious celebration of lifelong female friendship:  
What happens to your body when you dive deep underwater: 
It's your turn at the mic. Don't panic. 
What making music does to your brain:  
Our brains literally sync up when we listen to each other:  @HassonLab
"Criminal justice reform is human justice." 
This is what happens inside your brain when you listen to someone else:   @HassonLab
What if you could experience the news with your body, not just your mind? 
Why we must teach our children how to be alone: 
Want to change someone's mind about politics? Here's some practical advice:  @GhostfaceWiller
How to be a functioning adult human person: 
99 percent of rapists get away with it. That doesn't have to be the case. 
The Chinese zodiac, explained:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh 
4 reasons to get excited about math: 
This hidden story is "the evil twin of climate change." @triona_mcgrath

Learn how to talk to anyone, anywhere: 
Have six minutes to spare? Plenty of time to learn 40 Chinese characters:  
"Machines have objectivity; we have passion." @Kasparov63

How machines are developing intuition -- and building things that would never occur to humans: 
7 delightful TED Talks that will make you love science: 
11 TED Talks for procrastinators:  
Insecticide won’t stop mosquito-borne illnesses. Here’s what will: 
"What do you do when the thing you do, the work you love, starts to taste like dust?" @shondarhimes 
11 TED Talks for procrastinators:  
"Hold yourself accountable for every moment, every thought, every detail." @isaaclidsky 
"Play up whatever it is that makes you different, even if you think that some people will find it unattractive." 
Why Islamophobia makes the world less safe for all of us: 
How to push past your biggest fears and act:  @tferriss 
20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time...have you seen them all? 
How to overcome fear and see life clearly:  @isaaclidsky 
Is math discovered or invented? A thought-provoking answer from @TED_ED: 
3 quick and clever poems about odd love: 
"There is really mathematical evidence to say that you should never let the sun go down on your anger." 
Who else wants to watch 7 hours of train footage?! 
Want to learn Chinese? Start with these simple characters:  
"What we see is a unique, personal, virtual reality that is masterfully constructed by our brain." @isaaclidsky 
Raise your hand if you’re afraid of AI! 
"If you’re going to have an argument with someone, the best way to do it is to assume they can teach you something." 
An important reminder to ask for help when you need it, in honor of Mental Health Awareness Month:  
How the arts can help people in the military:  #MemorialDay
6 TED Talks to help us remember those we've lost:  #MemorialDay 
A delightful conversation about the joy of long-term friendship: 
Ask yourself these 7 questions to help you face your fears:  @tferriss
"By the time you’ve reached an awkward silence, something’s already gone wrong." 
Why girls need the freedom to fail:  @reshmasaujani @GirlsWhoCode
“If the song of my heart ceases to play, can I survive in the silence?" @shondarhimes 
The four main legal approaches to sex work -- and why they don't work: 
Why it's important to surround yourself with people who challenge you: 
"What you would do if you were told your job is to save the planet?" Inside the Paris climate agreement: 
Hexagons! And other reasons to love math:  
Think mass surveillance isn't a problem because you're not doing anything wrong? Think again. 
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." — @Andrew_Solomon #TalkingAboutIt  
The string theory explainer you've been waiting for: 
The pressure to be perfect is hurting our girls:  @reshmasaujani @GirlsWhoCode
"Accept your strengths and your weaknesses, and understand the difference." @isaaclidsky 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
The deep, unexamined divide between those who fear globalization and those who embrace it: 
Are you terrible at small talk? This radio host has some advice: 
Why do happy couples cheat? 
The problem with our fear of fat: 
Teach girls bravery, not perfection:  @reshmasaujani #InternationalWomensDay 
"If you care about gender equality or poverty or migration or public health, then sex worker rights matter to you." 
This 17-year-old created a new plane airflow system to stop the spread of germs: 
"Fat bodies are inherently political, and unapologetic fat bodies can blow people's minds." 
"You are the creator of your reality. With that empowerment comes complete responsibility." @isaaclidsky 
"Your fears distort your reality. Under the warped logic of fear, anything is better than the uncertain." 
Let puppies teach you complexity theory:  
The elegance of mathematical randomness: 
When you sneeze on a plane, the airflow helps to spread the germs. How we can change that: 
Brilliant, simple advice from @shondarhimes on getting your passion back: 
"Your fears distort your reality. Under the warped logic of fear, anything is better than the uncertain." 
Math is everywhere. It's watching you. It's coming for you. 
"If you censor one journalist, it intimidates others, and soon nations are silenced." 
Have you ever wondered what math is for? Here's your answer.  
We're not sure how these strange TED Talks became cult hits, but we're not complaining. 
"As long as there is breath in your body, it's never too late to change your story." 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
Is it better to take one long vacation or a few short ones? Let's check the research: 
"Love is not enough." A mother's tough message about suicide, in honor of Mental Health Awareness Month:  
.@okgo shares their advice on how to find wonderful ideas:  
Everything is a lot right now. 
It's time to get rid of nuclear weapons for good:  @NSquareCollab
"Walking is the single most powerful thing that a woman can do for her health." @MorganTreks @GirlTrek 
"We and we the people must raise justice up and must bring peace to our nation." @ACLU 
We’ve forgotten the danger of nuclear weapons:  @NSquareCollab
What democracy should look like -- and what we must prevent it from becoming:  @ACLU
9 nurses who bring care and compassion to the US health system:  
4 TED Talks on the inherent bias in our technology:  
Take a peek at the amazing world beneath the Earth’s crust:  
Why is the Voynich manuscript one of history's biggest mysteries? No one can figure out what it says.  via @TED_ED
How do you build a sacred space?  
Insecticide won’t stop mosquito-borne illnesses. Here’s what will: 
The secret weapon we're not using against Zika and other mosquito-borne diseases:  
Here’s a counterargument for you, @SecretaryCarson. 
Alien intelligence is coming. We're creating it.  
The architectural vision of the new Baha'i Temple of South America:  
The extremely freaky innards of our planet:  
Affordable housing should be a right, not a privilege.  
5 TED Talks on how to regrow the human body:  
Why AI should stand for “alien intelligence”: 
Don't have "one true calling"? You might be a multipotentialite. 
¡Ideas en nuestro idioma! 8 TED Talks in Spanish, with subtitles in English and other languages. 
Feeling stuck? It's time to reinvent yourself. 
4 fascinating windows into humanity:  
"The greatest benefit is that AIs will help define humanity. We need AIs to tell us who we are." 
How loss helped one artist find beauty in imperfection:  @alyssamonks 
On screen, men outnumber women 3 to 1, and things are far worse behind the camera. @MDSCInitiative 
"Democracy must not be a spectator sport." — @ACLU's Anthony D. Romero

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
This is what democracy looks like:  @ACLU 
Pope Francis on why leaders need to be humble. Watch his full TED Talk here:  
"The more powerful you are... the more responsible you are to act humbly." — Pope Francis 
Pope Francis has some pointed advice for political leaders. 
Social media can start a revolution -- but real change is harder: 
Any medical treatment is a scientific experiment: 
Extraordinary photos capture the magic of the Everglades:  @MacStonePhoto 
A climate solution where all sides can win:  @TedHalstead @TheCLCouncil #TedsTEDTalk 
"Black women are four times more likely to die during pregnancy and childbirth than white women." @miriamzperez 
.@robinhanson thinks robots with artificial copies of human brains could be real soon (aka The Matrix):  #TED2017
"Identity is infinitely dense, like an infinite series of real numbers." @drexlerjorge 
"Happiness is not just the absence of misery." 
"Mom, does the man just say, 'Is now the time to take off my pants?'" 
"Go as far as you can. The world needs you, badly." 
Meet the scientists searching for aliens at the SETI Institute:  
"Keep your eyes lifted and your head turning. The search for knowledge is in our genes." 
@scottsantens @outsider63 @persephoneFane @NancyMaree_ @rcbregman You tell 'em, Scott.
Why should we love facts? Jeopardy legend @KenJennings explains: 
How Russia hacked the US 2016 Presidential election by exploiting the human mind:  @LauraLGalante
Why I speak up about living with epilepsy:  @SitawaWafula 
"Fact: a burning bush without God is just a fire." 
Beautiful photographs of 85-year-old Inderjit "Indri" Kaur, taken by her granddaughter @jasmeenpatheja:  @TEDFellow 
"From Harriet Tubman to the women in Montgomery, when black women walk, things change." @MorganTreks @GirlTrek 
"How can you not love mercy — kindness, compassion, forgiveness? It’s like not loving dessert, or cheese."   #TED2017
"You always have a choice. It is okay to say no to a treatment that's not right for you." @rocketgirlmd 
No person working full-time at a minimum wage job should have to wonder where they're sleeping tonight. 
What makes life worth living in the face of death:  @rocketgirlmd 
What it means to be there “till death do us part”:  @rocketgirlmd 
A shorter workweek could solve all our problems. Really.  
Why everyone should be guaranteed a basic income -- no matter their employment status:  @rcbregman
4 lessons the Ebola epidemic taught us:  @rajpanjabi
"No soul was ever saved by hate. No truth was ever proved by violence." @rabbisacks 
"The real clash of the 21st century will not be between civilizations or religions, but within them." @rabbisacks 
How can humans be so compassionate and altruistic — and so brutal and violent? A neuroscientist explains: 
Pope Francis has some pointed advice for political leaders. 
"Healing is not the absence of pain. It is the decision to act in the service of your development." 
"Staying at least one step ahead of the spectator is a fundamental rule in magic." @davidkwong 
How to exploit democracy:  @LauraLGalante 
3 principles for creating safer AI:  
A summer school kids actually want to attend:  @KarimAbouelnaga @TEDFellow 
"We believe that women walking and talking together to solve their problems is a global solution." @VanessaTreks 
"Humor is such a powerful game-changer." 
"Affairs are an act of betrayal. They are also an expression of longing and loss." 
The most hackable device on the planet? Your own mind:  @LauraLGalante
"Being honest about how we feel doesn't make us weak -- it makes us human." @SanguDelle @TEDFellow 
Comedian @JuliaSweeney shares her hilarious answer to the dreaded question, "Where do babies come from?" 
"If the future does not include being among the stars as a multi-planet species, I find that depressing." @elonmusk 
How kids are groomed by internet predators:  @onabortnik
This small robot can follow you around and carry your stuff:  
"I'm not trying to be anyone's savior. I'm just trying to think about the future and not be sad." @elonmusk  
"You'll tell me if it ever starts getting genuinely insane, right?" @elonmusk on his plans for the future 
"We were learning that living fully means accepting suffering." @rocketgirlmd 
The Flint water crisis — and the scientists who said nothing: 
Watch CERN physicist Brian Cox’s talk about the power of scientific curiosity:  
"The internet broke physical boundaries. When we're alone in our bedroom and we go online, we're not really alone." 
The conversation we're not having about digital child abuse:  @onabortnik 
If the whole world had voted, Clinton would be the President of the United States. Here's the proof:  
.@drexlerjorge on poetry, music and identity:  
"Deep down, we're all from nowhere and a little bit from everywhere." @drexlerjorge 
10 TED Talks on the fight against corruption: 
"Be vulnerable. Do so with the confidence that you are not alone." @SanguDelle 
The myth that what happens online isn't "real life" allows digital predators to flourish: 
Why we need heroic scientists: 
We can't outsource moral decisions to machines:  @zeynep
"Artificial intelligence does not give us a 'Get out of ethics free' card." @zeynep 
We all have a responsibility to fight corruption, wherever it might be. 
"Being different isn't easy, especially in Russia."  
There's no shame in taking care of your mental health:  @SanguDelle @TEDFellow 
How human noise affects ocean habitats:  
"Machine intelligence is here. That means we must hold on ever tighter to human values and human ethics." @zeynep 
How to expose the corrupt (and why we so desperately need to): 
The painfully funny benefits of humor: 
"Every day in America, 137 black women die from heart disease. That's every 11 minutes." @MorganTreks @GirlTrek 
$10,000 in public funding covers 10+ months of permanent affordable housing — but only 6+ months in a shelter. 
"Walk right now in the direction of your healthiest, most fulfilled life, because self-care is a revolutionary act." 
Why affordable housing needs to be a right, not a privilege:  
Walking as a revolutionary act of self-care:  @GirlTrek 
@NatalieSaucier You make a good point, Natalie. 
We now have the science to bring back extinct species. But should we? #EndangeredSpeciesDay 
How do young queer women define virginity? 
This incredible woman stood up to the Taliban -- and got her way: 
This charming talk will make you fall in love with American Sign Language:  @chrisunkim 
The enchanting music of sign language:  @chrisunkim 
How Special Olympics has transformed the lives of four and a half million athletes around the world: 
This incredible woman stopped the Taliban from shutting down her school:  
Confused by commas? A clever way to remember when you need a comma:  via @TED_ED
"Waking a teenager up at 6am is the biological equivalent of waking an adult up at 4am." @wendytroxel 
A study of 30,000 teens found that for each hour of lost sleep, there was a 58% increase in suicide attempts. 
Breaking news! 12 new cloud formations have been added to the International Cloud Atlas. 
After one district implemented later school start times, car crash rates went down 70%. 
Please, for the love of all that is good in this world, let the teens sleep. 
Why school should start later for teens:  @wendytroxel 
"Edgar shook his head with disbelief as he watched footage of us burying 52 cards in his yard earlier that day." 
Why we should embrace the losses we can’t control:  @alyssamonks
The magic ingredient that brings @DisneyPixar movies to life:  @dafeinberg 
"Magic is the only honest profession. A magician promises to deceive you -- and he does." 
"Love is unpredictable, creative. Love involves both joy and pain. Each experience of love is different." @LenMandy 
How HoloLens adds a layer of magic to the real world: 
"Even a limited nuclear war involving tens of nuclear weapons could lead to the end of all life on the planet." 
6 TED Talks celebrate that #LoveIsLove:  
Cameroon-born artist and @TEDFellow Serge Mouangue creates a beautiful blend of West African and Japanese design:  
We asked 3 experts: How will AI change our lives in the near future?  
.@TedHalstead shares an innovative climate solution based on conservative principles.

Watch his full TED Talk here:  
"Being human doesn't happen despite suffering. It happens within it." @rocketgirlmd 
"It's uncomfortable to not believe things." The logical basis for believing in conspiracies: 
A climate solution where all sides can win:  @TedHalstead @TheCLCouncil #TedsTEDTalk 
"Smart leaders, like magicians, know there’s a science to preparation." @davidkwong 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
"Sometimes shifting your perspective is more powerful than being smart."  @astroteller
A powerful story of loss, shame and the slow process of self-acceptance: 
This woman was the first to host a primetime Chinese television show that allowed hosts to speak their minds: 
"We were learning that living fully means accepting suffering." @rocketgirlmd 
"Women's health is an equal rights issue as important as equal pay." #NWHW 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
This guy found the worst parking spot in New York City based on parking ticket data. 
Human trafficking is all around you. This is how it works: 
What it means to be there “till death do us part”:  @rocketgirlmd 
Want to get ahead at work? Think like a magician.  @davidkwong 
"These guys really take themselves too seriously. When you start to mock them, it hurts." 
What makes life worth living in the face of death:  @rocketgirlmd 
"Buying people out of slavery is like paying a burglar to get your television back; it's abetting a crime." 
The magic of talking to strangers:  @kiostark
Millions of Norwegians tuned in to watch a 7-hour train ride on television. Here's why: 
"The real divide in the US is not between red state and blue state. It’s between all of us and people in power." 
This absurdly popular television program is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry: 
In a time when irrationality seems to rule both politics and culture, has reasoned thinking finally lost its power? 
"This machine would be capable of waging war, whether terrestrial or cyber, with unprecedented power." @SamHarrisOrg 
The math and magic of origami:  
"The Ebola virus preyed on universal human feelings like denial, fear — and even love." 
What life is like for an Ebola survivor:  
3 ways to recover from rejection: 
So here's a fun question: How does the mammalian erection work? 
This formula tells you exactly how many people to reject before finding your perfect partner:  
Skyscrapers — but no sewage system. Meet a city run by private industry:  
3 principles for creating safer AI:  
This technology could lead to designer babies if we don't take a step back now: 
How we can use data to solve global problems:  @MallorySoldner
Surgical teams are using Hollywood effects and 3D printing to create lifelike reproductions of real patients:  
The role you play in other people's success:  @FollowMicheleL
Street art with a message of hope and peace:  @elseedart 
"History's what I call the Mount Rushmore model. It looks majestic, but the women have been entirely left out." 
"With compassion, courage and understanding, we can walk side by side and support one another." @FollowMicheleL 
A queer vision of love and marriage:  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan 
"Winning is super addictive. Once you experience it, you always want to get that feeling again." @serenawilliams 
These horrifying stories from new mothers will change how you think about family leave: 
These lifelike simulations make real-life surgery safer:  
4 ways to build a beautiful company:  @timleberecht
.@kgalperin: Why don't we write words the way we pronounce them? 
Happy Mother's Day! America needs to offer paid family leave, and anything less isn't good enough.  @jessicashortall
Eye-opening investigations into the dark underbelly of society: 
This artist said a powerful "no" to dictatorship: 
This artist said a powerful "no" to dictatorship: 
This @TEDFellow invented a kit that contains everything a mother needs to give birth safely: 
This @TEDFellow invented a kit that contains everything a mother needs to give birth safely: 
We need to clean up our space junk:  @nmpanek 
Why you should take a senior on a bike ride:  @CycleWithoutAge 
A junkyard of dead satellites is orbiting our planet:  @nmpanek 
HAL 9000 is coming, but hopefully without the homicidal tendencies: 
That moment when our transcribers completely gave up on understanding @reggiewatts:  
What it's like to be a parent in a war zone:  
A football player on how we can prevent concussions: 
Shoutout to everyone who freaks out when it's time to calculate the tip! 
"Does a Snapchat with a stranger count as cheating in the same way as the old-fashioned romp in a motel room?" 
How fake news does real harm:  @StephanieBusari 
Take a music break with the one and only @SaraRamirez. 
Start your weekend TED binge here. 
How human noise affects ocean habitats:  
Think the ocean is a silent world? Think again. 
Ladies and gentlemen, @SaraRamirez! 
Dream job alert. 
The Flint water crisis — and the scientists who said nothing: 
@UshyMohanDas We recommend that you follow @TEDx :)
"The future you has to be a you that loves. Otherwise it will cease to flourish." @iamsrk  
"If the future does not include being among the stars as a multi-planet species, I find that depressing." @elonmusk 
"The time now is to move from mourning and grief to action and transformation." @sandylocks 
How baby diapers can help us study the brain: 
Is it a ghost? It may be a ghost.  @CarriePoppyYES
"We have got to stop telling women what they can and cannot do with their bodies."  @SexProfSofia
9 TED Talks by badass activist artists: 
"The capacity for a human being to love is akin to godliness." — Shah Rukh Khan

Watch @iamsrk's TED Talk here:  
6 rules for running companies that survive:  @MartinKReeves
How kids are groomed by internet predators:  @onabortnik
Beautiful new words to describe obscure emotions:  @ObscureSorrows 
Shah Rukh Khan: What fame has taught me about humanity.  @iamsrk @StarPlus 
"We are in the process of building some sort of god. Now is a good time to make sure it's a god we can live with." 
We've never seen anything like this at TED before!

Watch @iamsrk's unmissable TED Talk on humanity, fame and love:  
"Every time I lose, it takes a really long time for me to lose again." @serenawilliams 
"We tell all women that their sexual pleasure doesn't matter."  @SexProfSofia
Why you should know how much your coworkers get paid:  
"I'm not trying to be anyone's savior. I'm just trying to think about the future and not be sad." @elonmusk  
.@iamsrk on the power of love.

Watch Shah Rukh Khan's full TED Talk:  
Shah Rukh Khan: Thoughts on humanity, fame and love.  @iamsrk @StarPlus 
How color helps a movie tell its story:  
What if your doctor could practice your surgery ahead of time... on an exact replica of your body? 
"Technology is the seventh kingdom of life." 
@davidkwong @strandbookstore We will definitely come to this magic show.
Magician @davidkwong stopped by TED to blow our minds with his awesome illusions!  
"You'll tell me if it ever starts getting genuinely insane, right?" @elonmusk on his plans for the future 
"Technology is the seventh kingdom of life." 
17 teachers from around the world open up about the economics of their dream job: 
A chef was asked to create a banquet in space. This is what happened. 
"Identity is infinitely dense, like an infinite series of real numbers." @drexlerjorge 
"Deep down, we're all from nowhere and a little bit from everywhere." @drexlerjorge 
.@drexlerjorge on poetry, music and identity:  
A simple birth kit for mothers in the developing world:  
37% of Americans believe in ghosts. Here's why they should worry about carbon monoxide poisoning:  @CarriePoppyYES
When the rich and powerful are the only ones with access to encryption, it becomes a civil rights issue:  @csoghoian
"The mosquito has killed more humans than any other creature in human history." 
Sexting, like anything that's fun, runs its risks — but a serious violation of privacy shouldn't be one of them: 
Welcome to the fight for equality:  
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf
Your local jail is running an illegal extortion scheme: 
"While young women may feel entitled to engage in sexual behavior, they don't feel entitled to enjoy it." 
Beautiful balloon art from the guy who invented that flailing inflatable man (you know the one):  
How can humans be so compassionate and altruistic — and so brutal and violent? 
10 reasons to love — and support — our teachers:  #NationalTeachersDay
The biology of our best and worst selves:  
No one makes us love dinosaurs like @kenlacovara. 
@ACavalluzzi 😂
Prepare to save the life of a Jedi, Chewbacca, or someone else in need with some helpful pointers.  @MeToddScott
The most dangerous time to be in a war zone is after the conflict. Here's why. 
Could this "ghost particle" hold the answers to the universe’s big questions?  
12 TED Talks to help you pick your major:  
The making of a new Bahá'í Temple that’s alive with light:  
A beautiful video game to help us cope with grief:  
"Feminism is not a rulebook but a discussion, a conversation, a process." 
7 questions to ask yourself about the doubts holding you back:  @tferriss
These 9 paintings have a trippy secret:  
How we can see in the ultimate dark: 
In this soothing new TED Talk, the architect behind the Baha'i Temple of South America shares his vision: 
A beautiful tribute to the nurses who touch our lives:  @amnurseproject #NursesWeek 
It's time to celebrate the heroes working at the front lines of health care:  #NursesWeek 
A new way to heal hearts without surgery:  
How to build an Alzheimer's-resistant brain:  @LisaGenova #TED2017 
Want kids to learn well? Feed them well:  @chefsamkass 
The complex social lives of trees: 
How much do you think the person sitting next to you at work gets paid? 
10 reasons to love — and support — our teachers: 
The myth that what happens online isn't "real life" allows digital predators to flourish: 
How to get paid what you're worth: 
A young poet tells the story of Darfur:  
Working hard but not improving? You're not alone. Here's what can help. 
Working hard but not improving? You're not alone. Here's what can help. 
"How meaningful is that truth if you don't know why it's being revealed to you?" @LauraLGalante on hacking 
Unanswered questions in physics make us wonder if our own universe is just one of many: 
"I'm more comfortable coming out as a gay man than I am as a person with a history of addiction." 
Why we need heroic scientists: 
A shorter workweek could solve all our problems. Really.  
Good luck y'all, we're out of here. 
Maps that show us who we are (not just where we are):  @dannydorling 
How to raise gutsy girls:  @carowriter
How to get over impostor syndrome:  
"If you were actually an imposter, you wouldn’t get imposter syndrome." 
This beautiful skyscraper channels the breeze:  
Why you think you’re right, even when you’re wrong:  
"Play up whatever it is that makes you different, even if you think that some people will find it unattractive." 
For the love of comics and cartoons:  #FreeComicBookDay 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
.@meganphelps grew up in the Westboro Baptist Church. Here's why she left:  
A simple game to help get any team unstuck:  
We need leaders who consider the needs of every man, woman and child on the planet — not just their own voters: 
The choices we make when we fall in love: 
.@sopercussion performs "Music for Wood and Strings":  
Secrecy is a sneaky way for companies to save a lot of money. 
Being bad at something is a necessary part of the process of becoming good (and then great) at it. 
What making music does to your brain:  
10 TED Talks for when you’re expecting a child:  
"It's simple: it's your body, and you decide what's best to do with it." 
We must end abuse, whether it's emotional, physical, sexual or digital: 
"Research shows that some of us don't even read beyond headlines before we share stories." @StephanieBusari 
You only wish you could procrastinate as well as this guy. 
How to gracefully end any conversation: 
Don't have "one true calling"? You might be a multipotentialite. 
"Through architecture, we can do much more than create buildings. We can help steady this planet we all share." 
"Huge decisions that affect all of us are being decided by relatively very small numbers of people." 
This conversation definitely could have happened over email. 
A summer school kids actually want to attend:  @KarimAbouelnaga @TEDFellow 
The best possible way to overcome your fear of rejection: 
New photographs by @PaulNicklen carry a dire warning about climate change: 
An incredible story of physical and mental endurance: 
"One of the things I know as a historian is that you should never underestimate human stupidity." 
"People want to be allowed to be virtuous. They want to have permission to do the right thing." 
Your unconscious habits, visualized:  @giorgialupi
"If you seek respect, you must give respect. If you ask for tolerance, you must demonstrate tolerance." @rabbisacks 
"Murder in pursuit of power while invoking the name of God is sacrilege, whoever the victim, whatever the faith." 
How to build an Alzheimer's-resistant brain:  @LisaGenova 
"I've used the meetings to argue in favor of immigration and climate change." @elonmusk on advising President Trump 
How to talk to people you strongly disagree with -- and why you should do it more often: 
"Be vulnerable. Do so with the confidence that you are not alone." @SanguDelle 
Could your thoughts make you age faster?  
There's no shame in taking care of your mental health:  @SanguDelle @TEDFellow 
"Being honest about how we feel doesn't make us weak -- it makes us human." @SanguDelle @TEDFellow 
#MayThe4thBeWithYou! Here's the totally official Star Wars guide to using a defibrillator:  @MeToddScott 
"The real clash of the twenty-first century will not be between civilizations or religions, but within them." 
"Deniers are wolves in sheep's clothing. They are the same: Nazis, neo-Nazis." @deborahlipstadt 
"It was anti-Semitism, racism, prejudice, parading as rational discourse." @deborahlipstadt 
"There are facts, there are opinions, and there are lies." @deborahlipstadt 
"How meaningful is that truth if you don't know why it's being revealed to you?" @LauraLGalante 
"The Earth is not flat. The climate is changing. Elvis is not alive." @deborahlipstadt 
"We cannot be beguiled by rational appearances. We've got to look underneath — we will find there the extremism." 
How to exploit democracy:  @LauraLGalante 
Hey now, you say you're gonna quit it. But you're never gonna quit it. 
How Russia hacked the US 2016 Presidential election by exploiting the human mind:  @LauraLGalante
The most hackable device on the planet? Your own mind:  @LauraLGalante
Behind the lies of Holocaust denial:  @deborahlipstadt 
How to make a profit while making a difference: 
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed:  via @TED_ED
How to turn shame into strength: 
Know your worth, and then ask for it.  @pricingcasey 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
Tips from the masters on how to practice effectively: 
10 funny, insightful TED Talks by Hans Rosling:  
How to overcome fear and see life clearly:  @isaaclidsky 
So here's a fun question: How does the mammalian erection work? 
"I'm not against fear. I'm just pro-bravery." @carowriter 
Want a more productive team? Stop measuring productivity: 
Cutting-edge tactics to keep your organization one step ahead: 
How to sniff out a fake stat:  @MonaChalabi
Don't let your work speak for itself. Here's how to communicate your value:  @pricingcasey
"People don’t really listen unless there is an emotional impact that causes them never to forget." 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
How do we know when we’ve truly found “The One”? Let's do the math. 
This study has tracked the lives of 724 people for 78 years. Here's what it learned: 
Your boss isn't paying you what you're worth. They're paying you what they think you're worth. @pricingcasey 
3 questions that can help us learn to understand people we disagree with: 
We're one step closer to the day when we can communicate with our minds: 
Beautifully weird ways to overcome your fear of rejection: 
A girl's early sexual experiences shouldn't be something that she has to get over. 
.@elonmusk discusses his new project digging ultra fast highway tunnels under LA to ease traffic: 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
A fun crash course in spotting bad stats:  @MonaChalabi
Elon Musk: The future we're building — and boring.  @elonmusk 
20% of us have "mathematical anxiety" so now all of your math test nightmares make sense! 
"Do not think for one minute that because you are who you are, you cannot be who you imagine yourself to be." 
Everyone is petrified of public speaking. Here's how the best speakers got over it: 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
A fascinating talk on how bacteria talk to each other -- and what they do in your body: 
"Work with me on how we teach our sons to be men -- that it's okay to have feelings and emotions." 
The huge, hidden difference between Android and iPhone:  @csoghoian
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
Here's how long you can expect your post-vacation glow to last: 
"Falling in love is not the same thing as staying in love. Falling in love is the easy part." — @LenMandy 
"How have we convinced ourselves that there is no moral expertise, that every opinion has to count?" 
Early life experiences like stress and lack of food can change how our genes are expressed: 
Education is still separate and unequal: 
Say hello to the decentralized economy! The blockchain is about to change everything: 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
"Wouldn't it be great if just one politician said, 'My opponent has a point. Let's see if we can't work together.'" 
When @GeorgeTakei was 5 years old, he was taken to a Japanese internment camp. Hear his powerful story: 
6 creative geniuses share their storytelling advice: 
"Everyone's entitled to their opinion. But you're not entitled to your own facts." 
"Accept your strengths and your weaknesses, and understand the difference." @isaaclidsky 
We're raising girls to be strong but not sexually satisfied.  
"I don't care how smart you think you are. Smart simply means you're ready to learn." 
What makes a serial killer like Ted Bundy tick? A neuroscientist explains how their brains work: 
Early life experiences like stress and lack of food can change how our genes are expressed: 
Math is the hidden secret to understanding the world:  @rantonse
Forget the standard four-wheel car. This is the future of transportation: 
Order up a double shot of brain fuel: 
Brilliant, simple advice from @shondarhimes on getting your passion back: 
Math is everywhere. It's watching you. It's coming for you. 
"Overwork doesn’t just exhaust employees, it can sap a company’s profits and saddle taxpayers with hidden costs." 
"As long as there is breath in your body, it's never too late to change your story." 
The fascinating brains of selfless people:  @aa_marsh
"I can't help but see in our public discourse so many of the same destructive impulses that ruled my former church." 
A happy childhood has very, very long-lasting effects. 
Math is everywhere. It's watching you. It's coming for you. 
Your bike helmet won’t save you from a concussion: 
This brilliant architect can fix any problem using one simple way of thinking:  
That's a wrap on #TED2017! We can't wait to share the talks with you online... coming soon! 
"Partisanship is real. It's terribly upsetting. But the design of the US Constitution is greater than partisanship." @NoahRFeldman #TED2017
"I'm not trying to be anyone's savior. I'm just trying to think about the future and not be sad." @elonmusk #TED2017
How to build an Alzheimer's-resistant brain:  @LisaGenova #TED2017 
.@ElonMusk plans to build a system of tunnels under LA to ease traffic and congestion. #TED2017 
"That is not an anxiety-reducing situation." @ElonMusk on a future full of flying cars overhead #TED2017
What you can do to prevent Alzheimer's:  @LisaGenova #TED2017 
"If people wanted you to write warmly about them, they should have behaved better." @ANNELAMOTT #TED2017
"Help is the sunny side of control. Stop helping so much. Don't get your help and goodness all over everybody." @ANNELAMOTT #TED2017
"Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes, including you." @ANNELAMOTT #TED2017
"My inside self is outside of time and space. It doesn't have an age. I'm every age I've ever been, and so are you." @ANNELAMOTT #TED2017
"2/3 of all current jobs in developing countries will be lost." @JimYongKim on the risks of automation #TED2017
"You can precisely target a lie directly to the people who are most susceptible." @tristanharris on news feeds shaping our thoughts #TED2017
"A handful of people working at a handful of tech companies will steer what a billion people are thinking today." @tristanharris #TED2017
@helenzaltzman @AllusionistShow Hard pass on vellum.
@helenzaltzman @AllusionistShow and it was GREAT! Let's get quills for the gift bag next year.
@VMendhiratta @davidkwong Nice job!! FIRST! #TEDPuzzleHunt 
The first person to solve this puzzle gets a bird GIF from us! Daily puzzles all week, created by @davidkwong. #TED2017 #TEDPuzzleHunt 
Watch Shah Rukh Khan's TED Talk live in cinemas before it goes up online! Go to  for tickets. #TED2017 @iamsrk 
"Aging is not a problem to fix or a disease to be cured. It is a powerful, lifelong process that unites us all." @thischairrocks #TED2017
"Why should 'aging well' mean struggling to look and move like younger versions of ourselves?" @thischairrocks #TED2017
"Ageism feeds on denial, our reluctance to acknowledge that we are going to become that older person." @thischairrocks #TED2017
"I hope that people know that Africa is not just one huge, nameless continent that is all the same." @Afromysterics #TED2017
We're thrilled that Shah Rukh Khan is the host of "TED Talks India: Nayi Soch"! Learn more:  #TED2017 @iamsrk
"You can use your energy to spread the darkness of destruction or you can use it to spread the joy of light to millions." @iamsrk #TED2017 
"We had expected an expansion of ideas and dreams; we had not bargained for the enclosure of judgment." @iamsrk on the Internet #TED2017
"Humanity is a lot like me. It's an aging movie star, grappling with all the newness, wondering whether she got it right." @iamsrk #TED2017
"The average person will spend two years of their life on Facebook." @manoushz #TED2017
"The average person checks email 74 times a day and switches tasks on their computer 566 times a day." @manoushz #TED2017
"How can you not love mercy — kindness, compassion, forgiveness? It’s like not loving dessert, or cheese."   #TED2017
"Hope can be incredibly destructive when your heart is broken. Heartbreak is a master manipulator." @GuyWinch #TED2017
"Getting over heartbreak is not a journey. It’s a fight, and your reason is your strongest weapon." @GuyWinch #TED2017
Could your thoughts make you age faster?  #TED2017 
"You overcome the withdrawal the same way you do from a drug." @adamleealter on weaning yourself off of screen time #TED2017
Why do women live longer than men? According to Susan Pinker, women are more likely to prioritize close, in-person friendships. #TED2017
Happy #WorldTapirDay!  
"Good parenting only reduced the educational gap btwn rich &amp; poor children by about 50%. Poverty leaves a lasting scar." @hcpearson #TED2017
"Parents matter. Children who had engaged, interested parents were more likely to escape from a difficult start." @hcpearson #TED2017
"Every time I lose, it takes a really long time for me to lose again." @serenawilliams

Watch her TED Talk:  #TED2017 
Jetpack tip: Don’t pinch the fuel line. @takeonGravity #TED2017 
This is a bug! #TED2017 @LevonBissPhoto 
Each bug portrait by @LevonBissPhoto takes 3.5 weeks to create, combining thousands of photographs.  #TED2017 
Serena Williams on tennis, love and motherhood:  @serenawilliams #TED2017 
"Welcome to the biological cosmos." There are over 100,000 species of microbes that live in our homes. @AnneAMadden #TED2017 
"[Microbes] spent the night squirming across your face and having sex on the bridge of your nose." @AnneAMadden #TED2017
If your testosterone levels are elevated, you're more likely to mistake a normal expression for a threatening one. Robert Sapolsky #TED2017
Hey @colbertlateshow! @TEDChris and the TED staff are loving Jesus's TED Talk. #TED2017  
The world needs more humanity if it’s going to solve the refugee crisis, activists urge at #TED2017:  @washingtonpost
40 square miles of Detroit are vacant. The solution? 1,500+ urban gardens and farms all over the city. @DevitaDavison #TED2017 
"Algorithms are opinions embedded in code... A lot can go wrong when we put blind faith in big data." @mathbabedotorg #TED2017
Urban planners use the video game "Cities: Skylines" as a sketching tool to design real cities. @pelikaroliina #TED2017 
@karliekloss So excited to have you! 😊
This unique school in Bangladesh is made of mud, straw and bamboo. @AnnaHeringer #TED2017 
"When you find yourself choosing between home and survival, the question 'Where are you from?' becomes very loaded." @fugeesfamily #TED2017
"Humanitarian principles are on fire in the very countries that 70 years ago said 'never again.'" @DMiliband #TED2017
@swansondavida @davidkwong You won! Nice job!! 
The first person to solve this puzzle gets a puppy GIF from us! Daily puzzles all week, created by @davidkwong. #TED2017 #TEDPuzzleHunt 
"I'm convinced the road to climate progress in the US runs through the Republican party &amp; the business community." @ImTedHalstead #TED2017
"The ice doesn’t care who's in the White House, or which party controls the Congress – it just melts." @dwtitley #TED2017
"I think the odds are that [the Trump administration] will decide to stay in the Paris Agreement." @algore #TED2017
"On a global basis, I am convinced that we are in the early years of the sustainability revolution." @algore #TED2017
"Hope is the virtue of a heart that doesn't lock itself into darkness." @Pontifex 

Watch his TED Talk:  #TED2017 
This tower sucks in smog and releases clean air — perfect for public parks in busy cities. @SRoosegaarde #TED2017 
This bicycle path is made from the same materials that give glow-in-the-dark stars their light. @SRoosegaarde #TED2017 
"I do not seek to change the world, but rather keep it as it’s meant to be." Tim Kruger on fighting climate change #TED2017
"I'm an optimist b/c our capacity to deal with problems is much greater than we imagine." Danny Hillis on fighting climate change #TED2017
"Tenderness is not weakness; it is fortitude." @Pontifex #TED2017 
@parmeshs @TEDFellow seriously how are you so fashionable
@kaysarahsera so happy to see you pop up in our #TED2017 flickr feed 😊 
"The brain doesn’t hear sound or see light. What we perceive is its best guess at what’s out there in the world." @anilkseth #TED2017
.@robinhanson thinks robots with artificial copies of human brains could be real soon (aka The Matrix):  #TED2017
Prevent Alzheimer's by learning new things. Memory-based games like crosswords won't protect your brain. @LisaGenova #TED2017
We need to be willing to "see our own worldview as open to improvement from the evidence of other people." @plural_truth #TED2017 #TED2017
"Daring to understand means risking the possibility that what you want &amp; what’s true are different things." @plural_truth #TED2017 #TED2017
@DMiliband Break a leg, David! 👏👏👏
Pope Francis on being the child of migrants. Watch his full TED Talk here:  #TED2017 @Pontifex 
The Flint water crisis — and the scientists who said nothing: 
Why we need heroic scientists: 
@hillbillydew Nerds are the BEST people.
The Liberian Civil War left a population of 4 million people with just 51 doctors to provide healthcare. @rajpanjabi #TED2017
In 4 months, @Global_Xplorer volunteers have identified 29k ancient sites &amp; features. Here's how to join:  #TED2017
@chucknicecomic we hear he never leaves The Void
@GlennF Glenn.
Watch Pope Francis's TED Talk on why the only future worth building includes everyone:  #TED2017 
This shows you what life looks like for people around the world, sorted by income:  @Gapminder #TED2017
"A great coach provides external eyes and ears. They break your actions down and help you build them back up again." @Atul_Gawande #TED2017
"My baby's going to be in the stands, hopefully cheering for me." @serenawilliams with @GayleKing #TED2017 
"Every time I lose, it takes me a long time to lose again, because I learn from it." @serenawilliams #TED2017
"On the court, we are mortal enemies, but the second we shake hands, we're best friends again." @serenawilliams on her sister Venus #TED2017
"You know how social media is, you press the wrong button and..." @SerenaWilliams on accidentally sharing her pregnancy on Snapchat #TED2017
@hillbillydew You did it!! Here's Melbourne, Australia. 
The first person to solve this puzzle gets an ugly flag from us! Daily puzzles all week, created by @davidkwong. #TED2017 #TEDPuzzleHunt 
@EvanneElizabeth whoa, uncanny
#TEDCinema audiences have spoken: it feels just like being at #TED2017. Get your tickets now for tonight's show!  
@kennie_millz  
"Walking is the single most powerful thing that a woman can do for her health." @MorganTreks of @GirlTrek #TED2017
"We must act. Democracy must not be a spectator sport." @anthonyACLU #TED2017
Just a robot doggo doin' some hops at #TED2017. 
@laurawp Classic.
@maddogmadday @ericasilverfish @dog_rates hahhahaha
"Screens have the power to tell us more about what a child is learning than a standardized test." @saradewitt on kids' screen time #TED2017
Hey @dog_rates, any thoughts on SpotMini? #TED2017 
"Within ten years, [being a creator] is going to be a viable, a sustainable and a respected profession." @jackconte of @Patreon #TED2017
@cindygallop @beta5chocolates oh my goodness, what is that pink treat with the sprinkles and where can we get one
@theferocity We saw this in the back of the theater and just missed the last 5 mins because we were laughing.
@cindygallop @TEDFellow @parmeshs that jacket 😍
"Just imagine how much talent we would unleash if we got rid of poverty once and for all." @rcbregman on universal basic income #TED2017
These tiny robots — inspired by schools of fish — are programmed to communicate with each other. #TED2017 
"Rather than diminish humans, super intelligence should give us superhuman intelligence." Tom Gruber, co-creator of Siri #TED2017
@deray @MonicaLewinsky Dream team!
@kelokubu They're pretty freaky.
Meet SpotMini. He weighs 65 lbs and can handle complex terrain. Plus he can play dead! #TED2017 
"We can face any future without fear so long as we know we will not face it alone." @rabbisacks #TED2017
"If we surround ourselves with people with the same views as us, we become more extreme." @rabbisacks #TED2017
"The biggest challenges we face are never going to be solved by comfortable conversations." @tferriss #TED2017
@cindygallop @iamsrk Oh we're aware. We're slightly terrified.
@denrsch @LauraLGalante u dah real mvp
.@okgo is in the house! Let's hope they don't do this to our stage. #TED2017

(GIF by @gfycat) 
"How meaningful is the truth if you don’t know why it’s being revealed to you?" @LauraLGalante on Russian hacking of the DNC #TED2017
The technology revolution "turned your mind into the most exploitable device on the planet." @LauraLGalante on Russian hacking #TED2017
"Machine triumph is a human triumph, something we tend to forget when humans are surpassed by our own creations." @Kasparov63 #TED2017
"We treat the future as a foreign land, but it's not — it's continually shaped by our actions today." @anabjain #TED2017
@MattPawlow Have a great time, Matthew!
@AllmondJulia Enjoy your brain date!
@cindygallop @dianehatz Seems like you have the best seat in the house! 🍾
It's time for #TED2017! 
TED &amp; @voxdotcom teamed up to provide a series of Facebook Live convos at #TED2017! Visit  for the full schedule. 
We're about to enter the #TED2017 theater. In #TEDCinema, so can you! It's not too late to buy your tickets:  
@sachileith "TED confirms that Sachi Leith is a swift thinker and tweeter."
@sachileith @davidkwong Well done!! You're our first #TEDPuzzleHunt winner :) 
The first person to solve this puzzle gets a GIF from us! We'll have daily puzzles all week, created by @davidkwong. #TED2017 #TEDPuzzleHunt 
Follow us on @Snapchat for an exclusive, behind-the-scenes look at #TED2017! 
"We do not inherit the Earth from our ancestors; we borrow it from our children." @TEDFellow @matildajyho on protecting our planet #TED2017
"Fear is like a disease. When it moves, it moves like wildfire. But just like fear, courage is contagious." @heartacheNpaint #TED2017
Parts of the Atacama Desert have had no rain in the last 400 years, making it a great place to study Mars! @TEDFellow @ArmandoAzuaB #TED2017 
"In the US, the doctor/patient ratio is one doctor for every 390 people. In Malawi, one for every 50,000." @TEDFellow @chrisategeka @TED2017
Soon, we may be able to detect cancer months, or even years, earlier — just by drawing two vials of blood. @TEDFellow @cjimmylin #TED2017
This is a giant clam. The biggest ever was 4.5 feet long &amp; weighed 660+ pounds, as heavy as 3 baby elephants! @Meilinneo @TEDFellow #TED2017 
@moecarrick @oldmilldistrict Have fun!!
How fake news does real harm:  @StephanieBusari 
@cindygallop @FairmontWF Glad you made it, Cindy :)
@LizLoether ☕️❤️
@reshmasaujani Welcome back, Reshma!
@BiscuitJill @CinemaCityNrw Have fun!! Get ready for some awesome talks this year. #TEDCinema
New photographs by @PaulNicklen carry a dire warning about climate change: 
We have a great playlist for you to watch...

5 TED Talks to inspire you to go to bed:  
12 unmissable books by this year's incredible speakers. Have you read them yet?  #TED2017 
@MaryRalles  
@MaryRalles Yesss Cincinnati in the house! Hope you enjoy the show! #TEDCinema
We're getting ready for #TED2017 to begin! It's not too late to buy your #TEDCinema tickets:  
@HelloBC Can't imagine a better one! 🇨🇦
@deancaravelis We hope you have fun!! The talks are amazing :) #TEDCinema
That view though... Nicely done, Canada. #TED2017 
We're excited to be back in Vancouver for #TED2017! 
"What does it do to a child to grow up knowing that you cannot simply be a child?" @ClintSmithIII 
@deray We're so excited to have you here!
The advice our coaches give speakers right before they do their TED Talks:  #TED2017
How anonymous companies can undermine national security:  
Forget the standard four-wheel car. This is the future of transportation: 
Watch KUKA the robot dance with his inventor during Opening Night of #TED2017, live in cinemas worldwide!  #TEDCinema 
This technology could lead to designer babies if we don't take a step back now: 
How would the rest of the world vote in your country's election?  @SimonAnholt 
We need leaders who consider the needs of every man, woman and child on the planet — not just their own voters: 
@GirlTrek @VanessaTreks @MorganTreks We're so excited to see their talk!! What a fantastic rehearsal :)
"Even a limited nuclear war involving tens of nuclear weapons could lead to the end of all life on the planet." 
"Huge decisions that affect all of us are being decided by relatively very small numbers of people." 
Wish you could vote in France's election today? Here's how the rest of the world can weigh in: 
"Artists should stop trying to win the game, and start trying to change the game."  @monicabyrne13
If asteroid hunting in the USA were a business, this man would be the CEO. 
A soul-baring story of truth-telling:  @ElizabethLesser
This dinosaur hunter has a beautiful message about our place in the universe:  @kenlacovara
How new technology helps blind people explore the world:  
@indyfromspace @TEDPrize @DigitalGlobe @NatGeo @SPInitiative @Global_Xplorer Welcome home!!
We're filling up Earth's orbit with our dead satellites, because of course we are.  @nmpanek 
Science knows more about coffee, wine and tomatoes than it does about breast milk. @Mammals_Suck 
A Copenhagener launched a program to bring older Danes on bicycle outings. Now @CycleWithoutAge is in 29 countries. 
@theferocity We barely leave the conference center but there is a very rad jungle gym in the VCC.
Would you donate a kidney to a stranger?  @aa_marsh
.@alexnautilus shares what's next in tech at #TED2017!

Buy your #TEDCinema tickets now to watch live in theaters:  
@Oddjob @vuecinemas We hope you have an awesome time!
"Let us not forget to think before we speak, just because we might have a screen in front of us." @ionewells 
Watch #TED2017 live in cinemas worldwide! Here's how to buy tickets:  #TEDCinema 
Take a short break to appreciate the wonder of nature:  #EarthDay 
“For the first time ever, we might shift the planet from friend to foe.” #EarthDay  
In honor of #EarthDay, our favorite talks about protecting our planet: 
Happy #EarthDay2017! Here's an easy way to reduce your paper waste: 
The current US government is not alone in questioning the findings of science: 
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
7 delightful TED Talks that will make you love science: 
@sacca @romanmars This GIF is very alarming.
@tferriss Happens more often than you'd think ;)
Colorful community art projects — for everyone:  
@Elliehallz nah
You use paper towels to dry your hands every day. Chances are, you're doing it wrong.  #earthday2017
Have you ever wondered what math is for? Here's your answer.  
Ask yourself these 7 questions to help you face your fears:  @tferriss
How to push past your biggest fears and act:  @tferriss 
Get ready... #TEDCinema is coming to a theater near you! Here's how to buy tickets:  
It's time to get rid of nuclear weapons for good:  @NSquareCollab
What we don't know about breast milk:  @Mammals_Suck 
This inspiring principal opened a school to close a prison:  @TheLopezEffect 
How I learned to read — and trade stocks — in prison:  
🐼  
Eye-opening research on the crucial leadership role that women play in resistance movements:  @juliabacha
The treadmill really is a torture device:  via @TED_ED
5 #TEDTalks about the genius of babies:  
9 TED Talks by badass activist artists: 
"We are in the process of building some sort of god. Now is a good time to make sure it's a god we can live with." 
@perfectrose2011 We like the way you think, Wendy.
We wish!! 
These 9 paintings have a trippy secret:  
That moment when our transcribers completely gave up on understanding @reggiewatts:  
Love @TED_ED? Vote for us in @TheWebbyAwards as your favorite Science &amp; Education channel!  
Math is everywhere. It's watching you. It's coming for you. 
Who else wants to watch 7 hours of train footage?! 
Happy holidays!  
Mew mew mew. 
11 TED Talks for procrastinators:  
How to be a functioning adult human person: 
The very real benefits of medical marijuana: 
An artist's look at the air we breathe:  
Here are the TED Talks that cheer up a sad Bono: 
A doctor's case for medical marijuana:  
Why you can't stop watching Netflix:  @_wernicke
Every piece of art you've ever wanted to see — up close and searchable:  @googlearts 
This is your brain on listening:  @HassonLab
8 reasons to stop what you're doing and play: 
How do you bring a 1,157-year-old library up to date? 
Stop scolding parents who don't vaccinate their children. Talk to them instead. 
The impact of algorithms on everything from architecture to online dating: 
"Putting the right tools in the hands of more people could create more scientific discoveries." 
A hilarious look at how laughter makes us human: 
You're not alone. 
One key characteristic could predict success: 

Why we see the world the way we do: 
10 #TEDTalks on why we do the things we do:  
It's your turn at the mic. Don't panic. 
Watch tennis legend Serena Williams and Gayle King at #TED2017, live in cinemas worldwide!  #TEDCinema 
A beautiful video game to help us cope with grief:  
Gene drives could eliminate disease -- or destroy everything: 
"'Olé!' to you, just for having the sheer human love and stubbornness to keep showing up." 
What making music does to your brain:  
99 percent of rapists get away with it. That doesn't have to be the case. 
If you've ever used Microsoft Excel, you have this guy to thank: 
How to react to a bully in a comment thread:  
Before you stay home to avoid your family because you’re afraid of an argument, consider opening up instead: 
Is it better to take one long vacation or a few short ones? Let's check the research: 
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
Fireflies are public health champions: 
"The potential for devastating conflict between major powers is greater than it has ever been." @djrothkopf 
The world is entering a new "cool war," says @djrothkopf. 
The thrilling exploration of particle physics:  @jbbeacham
How radio telescopes show us unseen galaxies:  
How we can help working class kids:  @JDVance1
We’ve forgotten the danger of nuclear weapons:  @NSquareCollab
This is how static electricity works:  via @TED_ED
Why peeing on a jellyfish sting is actually a bad idea, via @TED_ED: 
The school where pandas learn how to be wild:  
"The secret of everlasting youth lies within the bat genome." #BatAppreciationDay 
"We do a great disservice to boys on how we raise them; we stifle the humanity of boys." 
A football player on how we can prevent concussions: 
Street art with a message of hope and peace:  @elseedart 
Eye-opening investigations into the dark underbelly of society: 
These horrifying stories from new mothers will change how you think about family leave: 
In this soothing new TED Talk, the architect behind the Baha'i Temple of South America shares his vision: 
The making of a new Bahá'í Temple that’s alive with light:  
How do you build a sacred space?  
"How many of you had a stranger touch your belly during pregnancy without asking your permission?" @SexProfSofia 
"Healing is not the absence of pain. It is the decision to act in the service of your development." 
"Embrace your many passions. Follow your curiosity down those rabbit holes." — @emiliewapnick 
Getting people to do what you want them to do requires telling these 3 stories: 
~ Breathe ~ in the Earth’s history: 
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you have no idea what's going on in the world:  
Want to come up with the next world-changing idea? Try procrastinating. 
How great architecture tells a story:  @BuroOleScheeren 
"There is emotional damage done when young people can't be themselves." @DenaSimmons 
7 delightful #TEDTalks that will make you love science: 
A better, safer way to report sexual assault on college campuses: 
“If I was stranded on an island and the only way to get off was to make a pretty UI, I'd die there.” 
"We tell all women that their sexual pleasure doesn't matter."  @SexProfSofia
Seriously, use your vacation days.

"Our world is on fire, and it is our job to recognize that it's our responsibility to help put out the flames." 
This is how a driverless car sees the road: 
Stop scolding parents who don't vaccinate their children. Talk to them instead. 
9 TED Talks to help you understand racism in America:  
"Get involved; don't sit on your couch and tell people what you think they should be doing. Go do it with us." #BLM 
What sees the world more clearly, your eyes or a video camera?  via @TED_ED
Can you guess which poem was written by a computer? 
Soon you’ll be able to 3D-print your clothes at home:  @danitpeleg3d
Get to know our future robot overlords:   
The next step in nanotechnology:  @gtulevski 
One key characteristic could predict success: 

"Love is unpredictable, creative. Love involves both joy and pain. Each experience of love is different." @LenMandy 
A hilarious look at how laughter makes us human: 
We are unprepared for the digital age of conflict: 
Pet dinosaurs. Maybe. 
"Gender as it functions today is a grave injustice." 
Yes, you can buy happiness... as long as you aren't selfish:

"There are two most powerful days in your life: the day you're born, and the day you discover why." 
14 TED Talks on the reality of war:  
"We teach boys to be afraid of weakness, of vulnerability. We teach them to mask their true selves." 
"The problem with gender is that it prescribes how we should be rather than recognizing how we are." 
.@dbiello shares what's next in science at #TED2017! 

Buy your #TEDCinema tickets now to watch live in theaters:  
@jaynemiddlemiss 100% understandable reaction. 🐼
🐼  
A new metaphor for love that may help us find more joy — and less suffering:  @LenMandy
"Gender colors the way we experience the world. But we can change that." 
We know just where you should start! 

The perfect lunchtime TED Talks:  
"We teach girls that they cannot be sexual beings in the way that boys are." 
The Star Wars guide to using a defibrillator:  @MeToddScott 
"We do a great disservice to boys on how we raise them; we stifle the humanity of boys." 
The school where pandas learn to be wild:  
The school where pandas learn how to be wild:  
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie: We should all be feminists.  
What making music does to your brain:  
A happy childhood has very, very long-lasting effects. 
This conversation definitely could have happened over email. 
Think mass surveillance isn't a problem because you're not doing anything wrong? Think again. 
10 TED Talks to help you survive the apocalypse:  
Feeling out of control of your life? Stop thinking in the short term: 
4 predictions about the future of cars:  
This small wheeled robot can follow you around and carry your stuff:  
Education is still separate and unequal: 
Cutting-edge tactics to keep your organization one step ahead: 
What cars will really look like in the future:  
Beautiful photographs of 85-year-old Inderjit "Indri" Kaur, taken by her granddaughter @jasmeenpatheja:  @TEDFellow 
Here's how long you can expect your post-vacation glow to last: 
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed:  via @TED_ED
This @TEDFellow invented a kit that contains everything a mother needs to give birth safely: 
A simple birth kit for mothers in the developing world:  
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
Why it's important to surround yourself with people who challenge you: 
We're one step closer to the day when we can communicate with our minds: 
"Do not think for one minute that because you are who you are, you cannot be who you imagine yourself to be." 
What makes a serial killer like Ted Bundy tick? A neuroscientist explains how their brains work: 
Math is everywhere. It's watching you. It's coming for you. 
"Wouldn't it be great if just one politician said, 'My opponent has a point. Let's see if we can't work together.'" 
"Our minds and our feelings are not the trustworthy friends we thought they were." 
"Knowledge is a priceless gift. But the illusion of knowledge can be more dangerous than ignorance." @PicoIyer 
Any medical treatment is a scientific experiment: 
This study has tracked the lives of 724 people for 78 years. Here's what it learned: 
Eye-opening research on the crucial leadership role that women play in resistance movements:  @juliabacha
Prepare to save the life of a Jedi, Chewbacca, or someone else in need with some helpful pointers.  @MeToddScott
Here's what to do if Yoda goes into cardiac arrest:  @MeToddScott
@veitchtweets  
The Star Wars guide to using a defibrillator:  @MeToddScott 
A junkyard of dead satellites is orbiting our planet:  @nmpanek 
Seriously, why is it so hard to unsubscribe? Why? WHY?  @veitchtweets
How we explore unanswered questions in physics:  @jbbeacham 
"It is the responsibility of governments to protect the common good. We should insist that they fight to do so."  
7 super weird TED Talks about art: 
"Judges cannot hold the other branches of government accountable if they enter into close relationships with them." 
Research suggests that even working 40 hours a week is too much. 
The Constitution is, as one famous scholar put it, "an invitation to struggle." 
Boss up. 
Compromise is not always a good thing. 
8 TED Talks on how to work together effectively: 
"Empathy distorts our moral judgments in pretty much the same way that prejudice does." @paulbloomatyale 
"Most of what kids currently learn at school will probably be irrelevant by the time they are 40." 
Everyone is petrified of public speaking. Here's how the best speakers got over it: 
A shorter workweek could solve all our problems. Really.  
Governments should fight corporations, not collaborate with them.  
"The most meaningful way to succeed is to help other people succeed."  @AdamMGrant
Here's how long you can expect your post-vacation glow to last: 
#TEDCinema is coming to a theater near you! Have you booked your tickets yet?  
When a kid commits a crime, the US justice system has the power to make this life-changing choice: 
"Public speaking is the most impactful way to share who you are and what you care about." 
=VLOOKUP(This_man, invented_the, electronic_spreadsheet) 
.@dbiello shares what's next in science at #TED2017! 

Buy your #TEDCinema tickets now to watch live in theaters:  
Want a productive office? Hire givers, not takers:  @AdamMGrant
Get ready... #TEDCinema is coming to a theater near you! Here's how to buy tickets:  
Why public speaking is a core skill for the twenty-first century:  
This is why siblings fight so much:  #NationalSiblingsDay
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
Inside the profound life-long bond between siblings:  #NationalSiblingsDay
3 ways to plan for the (very) long term:  @AriW 
A powerful case for increasing the role of citizens with disabilities in the military: 
We need to clean up our space junk:  @nmpanek 
This artist said a powerful "no" to dictatorship: 
We need leaders who consider the needs of every man, woman and child on the planet — not just their own voters: 
This is objectively a very bad idea: 
Meet the dazzling flying machines of the future:  
How to grow a forest in your backyard:  @shubzsharma 
How machines are developing intuition -- and building things that would never occur to humans: 
"It will not be our blind faith, but our humble doubt that shines light into the darkness of our world."  #SXSW2016
How to take a picture of a black hole: 
Lessons from a professional tiny-forest maker:  @shubzsharma
Sometimes good things happen when you set your science project on fire. 
Why climate change is a human rights issue:  
Only 1 in 9 people in the United States gets the treatment they need for addiction and substance abuse. 
The gospel of doubt:  @CaseyGerald 
These 5 TED Talks explore how climate change already impacts our daily lives: 
5 ways to lead in an era of constant change:  
Addiction is a disease. We should treat it like one.  
How we can use bacteria to detect cancer (and maybe treat it): 
Is it possible to see something that, by definition, is impossible to see? 
"I'm more comfortable coming out as a gay man than I am as a person with a history of addiction." 
How your early life experiences are written into your DNA:  
The most beautiful bacteria you’ll ever see:  @tdanino @TEDFellow 
A young poet tells the story of Darfur:  
There are three sides to every argument:  
Each year the US alone produces some two billion pounds of Styrofoam — none of which can be recycled. Until now! 
How we can see in the ultimate dark: 
.@sopercussion performs "Music for Wood and Strings":  
What drives people to help others:  @aa_marsh
"Fact: a burning bush without God is just a fire." 
How your gut bacteria makes it hard to lose weight: 
Practical advice on resolving conflicts from an expert negotiator: 
"Huge decisions that affect all of us are being decided by relatively very small numbers of people." 
"People are more than their disease. All of us have the opportunity to change public opinion and public policy." 
The key to successful nonviolent resistance:  @juliabacha
The fascinating brains of selfless people:  @aa_marsh
Early life experiences like stress and lack of food can change how our genes are expressed: 
A fascinating talk on how bacteria talk to each other -- and what they do in your body: 
"Women's health is an equal rights issue as important as equal pay." #WorldHealthDay 
How childhood trauma affects health across a lifetime:  #WorldHealthDay
The most beautiful bacteria you’ll ever see:  
"Higher levels of discrimination are associated with an elevated risk of a broad range of diseases." #WorldHealthDay 
Data can make us efficient. More importantly, it can help us be more humane:  @giorgialupi
7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health:  #WorldHealthDay
How we can find ourselves in data:  @giorgialupi 
We take too long to notice cancer. We can change that: 
This principal believes in the power of her students:  @TheLopezEffect 
What it's like to be a parent in a war zone:  
"We need to build a world where children can dream of planes dropping gifts, and not bombs." 
Want to be paid what you're worth? A pricing consultant gives her advice:  @pricingcasey
9 TED Talks on the best ways to practice effectively:  
"A dream job isn’t all dreaming; it’s all job, all reality, all blood, all sweat, no tears." @shondarhimes 
Brilliant, simple advice from @shondarhimes on getting your passion back: 
"Technology is the seventh kingdom of life." 
How much do you think the person sitting next to you at work gets paid? 
A detailed look at justice in the age of Big Data:  
"Higher levels of discrimination are associated with an elevated risk of a broad range of diseases." 
Get ready for #TEDCinema to land in theaters this April. Here's how to buy tickets:  
"Every seven minutes, a black person dies prematurely in the United States." #BlackLivesMatter 
How racism makes us sick:  
"Whites who have graduated from high school live longer than blacks with a college degree or more education." 
"Over 200 black people die every single day who would not die if the health of blacks and whites were equal." 
"Apologize for what you have done, but never apologize for who you are." #ThingsIWontApologizeFor 
“Lighting and color are part of the backbone of emotion.” 
The myth that what happens online isn't "real life" allows digital predators to flourish: 
Order up a double shot of brain fuel: 
How color helps a movie tell its story:  
Just think how much better you could negotiate for a raise if you knew everybody’s salary. 
Which science topics are you excited to learn more about at #TED2017?

Buy your tickets to watch #TEDCinema live: 
Secrecy is a sneaky way for companies to save a lot of money. 
It's #NationalWalkingDay! Here's some inspiration to get up and move around:  
Why you should know how much your coworkers get paid:  
"The internet broke physical boundaries. When we're alone in our bedroom and we go online, we're not really alone." 
The conversation we're not having about digital child abuse:  @onabortnik 
“Walk and talk. You'll be surprised at how fresh air drives fresh thinking.” #NationalWalkingDay 
"Sitting has become the smoking of our generation." #NationalWalkingDay 
Maps that show us who we are (not just where we are):  @dannydorling 
Beautifully weird ways to overcome your fear of rejection: 
How to talk to people you strongly disagree with -- and why you should do it more often: 
The best possible way to overcome your fear of rejection: 
Tips from the masters on how to practice effectively: 
"It's then, when you're lost or uneasy or carried out of yourself, that you find out who you are." @PicoIyer 
"Tomorrow's future is sitting in our classrooms, and they are our responsibility." @TheLopezEffect 
Smart ways to handle your next heated situation: 
@ENSFCEnglish @TEDChris also gave a TED Talk on this topic! But it's hard to fit everything into 18 minutes ;) 
Where we can find political common ground in a polarized United States:  @GretchenCarlson @nytdavidbrooks 
How we can see in the ultimate dark: 
3 questions that can help us learn to understand people we disagree with: 
Want to learn how to give a great talk? TED Talks: The Official TED Guide to Public Speaking is now in paperback!  
Master any skill with these tips on practicing! 
Rejection doesn’t have to be scary. It’s a gift: 
The World Economic Forum estimates that women will finally get equal pay in... 2186! Yay? #EqualPayDay 
"A woman business owner earns just 80 cents for every dollar a man earns." #EqualPayDay 
"Thinking that you know your lover or your enemy can be more treacherous than acknowledging you'll never know them." 
Get a preview of the big issues we're tackling at #TED2017! Have you bought your #TEDCinema ticket yet?  
"Knowledge is a priceless gift. But the illusion of knowledge can be more dangerous than ignorance." @PicoIyer 
What kind of maniac asks for a "burger refill"? This guy: 
To chef @KosherSoul, a plate of stewed okra is more than a soul-food dish — it’s a form of African American history: 
This artist uses candy to change how we think about burkas:  
Practice makes perfect. Here's how to master any skill:  
"Fact: a burning bush without God is just a fire." 
Your boss isn't paying you what you're worth. They're paying you what they think you're worth. @pricingcasey 
@kendricklamar 👀
What topic are you most excited to learn more about at #TED2017?

Buy your tickets to watch #TEDCinema live here: 
TED Curators @HelenWalters &amp; @kstoetzel preview the big ideas of #TED2017. Buy tickets now to watch live in cinemas!  
Wishing a very happy birthday to @JaneGoodallInst! 
A young poet tells the story of Darfur:  
.@sopercussion performs "Music for Wood and Strings":  
Know your worth, and then ask for it.  @pricingcasey 
Want to be paid for your excellence? Here's how to get that paper:  
Don't let your work speak for itself. Here's how to communicate your value:  @pricingcasey
Ladies and gentlemen, @SaraRamirez! 
12 TED Talks to help you pick your major:  
17 teachers from around the world open up about the economics of their dream job: 
Unanswered questions in physics make us wonder if our own universe is just one of many: 
A bold call to help you know your doctor:  #NationalDoctorsDay
How to sniff out a fake stat:  @MonaChalabi
What young women believe about their own sexual pleasure:   @peggyorenstein 
"The time now is to move from mourning and grief to action and transformation." @sandylocks 
What if your doctor could practice your surgery ahead of time... on an exact replica of your body? 
A fun crash course in spotting bad stats:  @MonaChalabi
These lifelike simulations make real-life surgery safer:  
"Does a Snapchat with a stranger count as cheating in the same way as the old-fashioned romp in a motel room?" 
Surprise! The Earth's atmosphere is escaping. 
When the rich and powerful are the only ones with access to encryption, it becomes a civil rights issue:  @csoghoian
Want kids to learn well? Feed them well:  @chefsamkass 
Happy International Fact-Checking Day! 
"Everyone's entitled to their opinion. But you're not entitled to your own facts." #FactCheckIt 
For once it actually is rocket science. 
Welcome to the fight for equality:  
10 reasons to love — and support — our teachers: 
Catch someone doodling in a meeting? Don't judge them — join them! 
Behold! The birth of the spreadsheet: 
The hidden civil rights abuse in smartphones:  @csoghoian
Don't try this at home. 
Hypnosis is getting a new look from researchers: 
The lies we tell pregnant women:  @SexProfSofia 
Is that poll reaaaaally accurate? Here's how to find out:  @MonaChalabi
"It's simple: it's your body, and you decide what's best to do with it." 
Early life experiences like stress and lack of food can change how our genes are expressed: 
"We have got to stop telling women what they can and cannot do with their bodies."  @SexProfSofia
GET BACK TO WORK. Or, you know, don't. 
In defense of doodling: 
A girl's early sexual experiences shouldn't be something that she has to get over. 
"None of our graduates have gone back to jail." Inside a prison education program: 
"We tell all women that their sexual pleasure doesn't matter."  @SexProfSofia
We must end abuse, whether it's emotional, physical, sexual or digital: 
10 funny, insightful TED Talks by Hans Rosling:  
17 ways to help a teacher out this school year: 
This conversation definitely could have happened over email. 
"Lying is an attempt to connect our wishes and our fantasies about who we wish we were with what we're really like." 
Transgender supermodel @GeenaRocero shares her extraordinary story of courage and self-identity:  #TDOV 
Why teachers should see "at-risk" students as "at-promise" kids:  @drvictorrios
"Gender has always been considered a fact, immutable. We now know it's more fluid, complex, and mysterious."  #TDOV
A clever new way to figure out if people are lying: 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
Teach girls bravery, not perfection:  @reshmasaujani 
"The greatest originals are the ones who fail the most, because they're the ones who try the most." 
"Our economy, our society, we're losing out because we're not raising our girls to be brave."  @reshmasaujani
What young women deserve during sex -- and why they don’t get it:  @peggyorenstein
"A woman who prioritizes her sexual needs is scary. A woman who prioritizes her sexual needs prioritizes herself." 
"The doodle has never been the nemesis of intellectual thought." 
How a doctor created one of the most successful anti-violence campaigns the world has ever seen:  #NationalDoctorsDay
If you've ever used Microsoft Excel, you have this guy to thank: 
The best places to go if you want to avoid everyone:  
How your early life experiences are written into your DNA:  
Surgical teams are using Hollywood effects and 3D printing to create lifelike reproductions of real patients:  
The best data visualizations you've ever seen:   @MonaChalabi 
"How many of you had a stranger touch your belly during pregnancy without asking your permission?" @SexProfSofia 
"People have sex for many reasons, some because they want a baby, but most of us have sex because it feels good." 
"Pregnant women are not faceless vessels of reproduction who can't stand on their own two feet." @SexProfSofia 
When we talk to kids about sex, we should focus less on risk and more on pleasure. 
Doodling can help you focus, work and learn. 
"Every time a women has sex simply because it feels good, it is revolutionary. She is revolutionary."  @SexProfSofia
=VLOOKUP(This_man, invented_the, electronic_spreadsheet) 
"Automating a subset of a position’s tasks doesn’t make the other ones unnecessary — it makes them more important." 
How a Photoshop wizard creates impossible photos:  
Will automation take away all our jobs? Not exactly.  
"People are more than their disease. All of us have the opportunity to change public opinion and public policy." 
Addiction is a disease. We should treat it like one.  
Only 1 in 9 people in the United States gets the treatment they need for addiction and substance abuse. 
We need leaders who consider the needs of every man, woman and child on the planet — not just their own voters: 
Powerful people know how to tell these three stories: 
Plants will never disappoint you. 
Why violence against women is a men's issue too: 
11 TED Talks on how we can redesign humans: 
10 TED Talks on how we're exploring outer space: 
Do you prefer your own company? You're not alone. 
Costa Rica, leading by example.  
Fact: Climate change is real. Doing nothing to fight it is deadly. 
10 TED Talks to watch when you've just finished a good book:  
"There is always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. If we live out loud, we can trounce the hatred." 
Winners act on climate change. 
1 out of every 100 people is a psychopath. This is the test. 
Science knows more about coffee, wine and tomatoes than it does about breast milk. @Mammals_Suck 
This man was the victim of a gang assignment to kill a random stranger. Doctors gave him a 2% chance of living. 
This journey was 69 marathons back to back. 
"Power is no more inherently good or evil than fire or physics. It just is." 
What we don't know about breast milk:  @Mammals_Suck 
Why storytelling is the ultimate weapon of the powerful: 
8 TED Talks about how the medicines we depend on are made: 
8 TED Talks on how architecture affects your emotions: 
Writer @Andrew_Solomon takes you to the darkest corners of his mind during the years he battled depression: 
"I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys, because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me." 
"Books have given me a portal to connect with people. I know I shall never feel lonely or powerless again." 
Happy birthday @sallykohn! We'll click on you any day 😘 

Sometimes good things happen when you set your science project on fire. 
Each year the US alone produces some two billion pounds of Styrofoam — none of which can be recycled. Until now! 
9 TED Talks for theater geeks:  #WorldTheatreDay 
Shoutout to everyone who freaks out when it's time to calculate the tip! 
@TomCollins05 enjoy!! 
Fun fact! The Sistine Chapel was originally denounced as a “stew of nudes." 
Get ready... #TEDCinema is coming to a theater near you! Here's how to buy tickets:  
Do you have math anxiety because you're bad at math... or are you bad at math because you have math anxiety? 
"Huge decisions that affect all of us are being decided by relatively very small numbers of people." 
20% of us have "mathematical anxiety" so now all of your math test nightmares make sense! 
"I remain a very strong believer that women's rights and religion are not mutually exclusive." #MuslimWomensDay 
The most dangerous time to be in a war zone is after the conflict. Here's why. 
"Muslims aren't a tumor in the body of America. We're a vital organ." #MuslimWomensDay 
Technology is helping us meet someone new... and connect with the one who got away. 
Should we simplify spelling? @kgalperin 
Skyscrapers — but no sewage system. Meet a city run by private industry:  
"Impossible is not a fact, it's an attitude. It's only an attitude."  @CFigueres
A candid, thought-provoking look at history and race:  @ProfessorCrunk
Race cars designed by robots!! 
The story behind one of our most iconic images of space:  
"Science is based on the collective wisdom of all of the scientists who have worked on a particular problem." 
"Vote for the prosecutor who's helping people stay out of jail, not putting them in." @adamjohnfoss 
"Does a Snapchat with a stranger count as cheating in the same way as the old-fashioned romp in a motel room?" 
The frightening relationship between race, stress and pregnancy:  @miriamzperez
How to talk about climate change with skeptics: 
"What happens to the last community using paper notes when the rest of the world moves to digital currency?" 
"Disgust paints the person as subhuman, monstrous, morally deformed. Disgust is like indelible ink." @JonHaidt 
"A great editor saves a writer from her excesses." 
9 beautiful photographs of life in Pakistan:  @DanialShah_ 
A thrilling look at the first 21 days of a bee’s life: 
Why you might want to stop eating fish:  
"Today, I'm here to share the experience of what it's like to be the mother of someone who kills and hurts." 
How one mother reckons with the unthinkable: 
This is what happens when you reply to spam email:  @veitchtweets 
"You may think it is ignorant to speak broken English, but even articulate Americans sound foolish to the British." 
"Dictionaries are human, and they are not timeless." How they reflect our changing language: 
Do hangry, defriend and adorkable count as "real" words? 
"I can't help but see in our public discourse so many of the same destructive impulses that ruled my former church." 
@GregChaney @ACUedu We love to talk about bees :) This is one of our favorites! 
.@meganphelps grew up in the Westboro Baptist Church. Here's why she left:  
#TEDCinema is coming to a theater near you! Here's how to get tickets:  
"We all agree that bigotry is unacceptable, but when we see it, we're silent, because it makes us uncomfortable." 
The painfully funny benefits of humor: 
"Empathy distorts our moral judgments in pretty much the same way that prejudice does." @paulbloomatyale 
3 ways to spot a bad statistic:  @MonaChalabi 
#FlashbackFriday to the first six TED Talks posted online, way back in 2006! 
Is empathy overrated?  @paulbloomatyale 
"Empathy is like a spotlight directing attention and aid to where it’s needed. But spotlights have a narrow focus." 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
7 TED Talks on how to be smart about your money:  
Roughly 40 million Americans are looking for love on the Internet. 
"Art is our weapon. Culture is a form of resistance." 
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
@blessedwithwork @serenawilliams 
Yes she is!! All hail the queen of tennis. Buy your ticket to be among the first to watch her TED Talk at  
@TheAshPhillips @MrGavinBell @ClaudMLingerie good luck with all the memes!!
@TheAshPhillips @MrGavinBell @ClaudMLingerie reading tweets we're tagged in like 
"We have within us the capacity to manufacture the happiness we are constantly chasing." 
#HappyPakistanDay! Photographer @DanialShah_ shows the world a new side of his country:  
For everyone who waits until the last minute to get things done: 
We need leaders who consider the needs of every man, woman and child on the planet — not just their own voters: 
Listen now to Yemeni musician @Ahmed_AlShaiba, performing an oud concert live on Facebook!  
"Huge decisions that affect all of us being decided by relatively very small numbers of people." @SimonAnholt 
"There is emotional damage done when young people can't be themselves." @DenaSimmons 
Would the rest of the world have voted for Donald Trump? @SimonAnholt found out. 
How would the rest of the world vote in your country's election?  @SimonAnholt 
@D4arkness2016 There are four! 
@Robgetmeabottle Can we stop and imagine Wishbone's TED Talk for a moment? 
Happy birthday to Daryl Chen, the editor of  We had to share this adorable card made by TED Staffer Maria. 
Why do startups succeed or fail? It all comes down to this: 
6 TED Talks for dog lovers:  #NationalPuppyDay 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
You only wish you could procrastinate as well as this guy. 
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
Communicate more effectively by spotting these speech patterns: 
3 tips for dealing with loneliness: 
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
Get your popcorn ready... #TED2017 is coming to a theater near you! Here's how to buy tickets:  
7 TED Talks on humanity’s relationship with water:  #WorldWaterDay 
E.B. White once wrote of commas in @NewYorker: "They fall with the precision of knives outlining a body." 
Why yes, it actually IS rocket science! 
How does technology affect your love life? 
The most dangerous time to be in a war zone is after the conflict. Here's why. 
Why civilians suffer more once a war is over:  @Nonstopdoc 
"With compassion, courage and understanding, we can walk side by side and support one another." @FollowMicheleL 
The role you play in other people's success:  @FollowMicheleL
"Instead of trying to walk in each other's shoes, we must adopt a new way of giving of ourselves." @FollowMicheleL 
9 TED Talks recommended by students, for students:  via @TED_ED 
3 principles to help you create more from less. 
"As a child, you can't understand another child's curiosity, nor an adult's ignorance." @FollowMicheleL 
Want to be a frugal inventor? Keep it simple. 
3 quick and clever poems about odd love:  #WorldPoetryDay
What does it feel like to live with depression? Listen to a new excerpt of TED's audio series Sincerely, X: 
Beautiful proof that poetry can change the lives of prisoners:  #WorldPoetryDay
"Spoken word poetry cracks open locks." — @kaysarahsera #WorldPoetryDay 
Happy #WorldPoetryDay! Here are some of our favorite poems from the TED stage: 
"Asking for help is a strength, not a weakness." @FollowMicheleL  
Why you should take a senior on a bike ride:  @CycleWithoutAge 
Your body's amazing reaction to water:  
A Copenhagener launched a program to bring older Danes on bicycle outings. Now @CycleWithoutAge is in 29 countries. 
These smelly experiments are straight out of a sci-fi novel. 
What if your doctor could practice your surgery ahead of time... on an exact replica of your body? 
How do young queer women define virginity? 
What to do when you face a really tough decision: 
Do you prefer your own company? You're not alone. 
Learn how to control someone else's arm with your brain in this unbelievable—and creepy—demo: 
A fascinating, creepy video tour of abandoned shopping malls:  @thisisdanbell 
Cremation uses the natural gas equivalent of a 500-mile car trip. Here's a better option:  @TheGoodDeath
We're raising girls to be strong but not sexually satisfied.  
What makes a good life? Lessons from the longest study on happiness:  #InternationalDayOfHappiness
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life:  #InternationalDayOfHappiness
Fascinating TED Talks to watch while waiting for bae to text you back. 
.@thisisdanbell is in love with abandoned shopping malls, and now you will be too. 
Join the @litterati -- a nerdy digital community devoted to picking up trash! 
This app makes it fun to pick up litter:  @jeffkirschner 
If asteroid hunting in the USA were a business, this man would be the CEO. 
How to bring more humanity into the workplace:  @timleberecht
On screen, men outnumber women 3 to 1, and things are far worse behind the camera. @MDSCInitiative 
"Bravery is learned, and like anything learned, it just needs to be practiced." @carowriter 
How do young queer women define virginity? 
Please just let this man unsubscribe from your newsletter. Please.  @veitchtweets
Inside the world of organized cybercrime:  @calebbarlow
Your company's data could end world hunger:  @MallorySoldner 
A Copenhagener launched a program to bring older Danes on bicycle outings. Now @CycleWithoutAge is in 29 countries. 
Could NASA really blow up an asteroid to prevent it from smashing into Earth? 
Warning: This clip is disgusting but amazing. 
Meet NASA's Planetary Defense Officer. 
How do ideas go viral?  
7 reasons to respect and protect these annoying little buggers: 
7 delightful #TEDTalks that will make you love science: 
Kids are much better liars than you think. See if you can catch them: 
In defense of facts. 
Jurassic Park isn't science fiction anymore. 
10 things you didn't know about orgasm:  @mary_roach
"How have we convinced ourselves that there is no moral expertise, that every opinion has to count?" 
Your bike helmet won’t save you from a concussion: 
Why you should take a senior on a bike ride:  @CycleWithoutAge 
"Augmenting the human body with new abilities is no longer a question of how, but of when." 
"As long as there is breath in your body, it's never too late to change your story." 
When it's raining in a television show, what you're actually hearing is a recording of bacon frying. 
How sharing data will help end hunger:  @MallorySoldner
Want to keep your money and private documents safe? You need to watch this talk.  @calebbarlow
.@thisisdanbell is in love with abandoned shopping malls, and now you will be too. 
A fascinating, creepy video tour of abandoned shopping malls:  @thisisdanbell 
Get ready for #TED2017 to land in theaters this April. Here's how to reserve tickets:  
A free press is the backbone of any true democracy. 
Join the @litterati -- a nerdy digital community devoted to picking up trash! 
Cremation uses the natural gas equivalent of a 500-mile car trip. Here's a better option:  @TheGoodDeath
The best health advocates for black men? Barbers. 
Lessons on how to live a valuable life from 2,000 obituaries:  @LuxNarayan
What if facial recognition software just doesn't recognize you? @jovialjoy set out to fix it. 
Could NASA really blow up an asteroid to prevent it from smashing into Earth? Here's the science: 
.@kgalperin: Why don't we write words the way we pronounce them?  
It's time to update our spelling rules. @kgalperin 
.@kgalperin: Why don't we write words the way we pronounce them? 
@jmoxsrq we support both of these goals 😎☄️
.@TEDChris previews the amazing speakers coming to TED in April. Book your tickets now to see #TED2017 in cinemas!  
The science of smacking asteroids away from Earth: 
NASA has a plan to combat "rogue interstellar objects" — and even a Planetary Defense Officer. 
10 TED Talks that debunk misconceptions about Islam:  
"The dictionary brings a sense of order to a very chaotic universe." @ObscureSorrows 
Extroverts, introverts and the puzzle of personality:  @DrBrianRLittle
"If more people lived their lives trying to be famous in death, the world would be a much better place." @LuxNarayan 
Ever wondered why we knock on wood? Here's why:  via @TED_Ed
Everything you need to know about keeping your nude photos private:  @amyadele
Nude photos are not the problem. Nonconsensually sharing or publishing nude photos is the problem. 
Why sharing someone else's nude photos without their permission is a horrifying betrayal of privacy: 
How young women think about sex:   @peggyorenstein
What young women deserve during sex -- and why they don’t get it:  @peggyorenstein
When we talk to kids about sex, we should focus less on risk and more on pleasure. 
"While young women may feel entitled to engage in sexual behavior, they don't feel entitled to enjoy it." 
A girl's early sexual experiences shouldn't be something that she has to get over. 
We're raising girls to be strong but not sexually satisfied.  
"Women's health is an equal rights issue as important as equal pay." 
That moment when our transcribers completely gave up on understanding @reggiewatts:  
"I don't care how smart you think you are. Smart simply means you're ready to learn." 
Pick up your trash! But first, Instagram it. 
Beautiful new words to describe obscure emotions:  @ObscureSorrows 
"Through architecture, we can do much more than create buildings. We can help steady this planet we all share." 
6 rules for running companies that survive:  @MartinKReeves
Your local jail is running an illegal extortion scheme: 
Dream job alert. 
This scientist searches the skies to find asteroids... before they find us:  @TEDFellow
A simple game to help get any team unstuck:  
Asteroids are considered a credible threat to Earth. Meet the scientist hunting them down:  @TEDFellow
The thrilling adventures of an asteroid hunter:  @TEDFellow 
Darwin, Einstein, and the next big scientific discovery: 
Happy Pi Day! Get to know everyone's favorite irrational number:  via @TED_ED
Want to make your brain stronger? Here's what you should snack on:  via @TED_ED
Restoring the world’s oldest library:  
Why we sometimes choose to act out of character: 
8 TED Talks on why social media matters:  
7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health: 
Let #MarchMadness begin! 
"Chronic loneliness poses as significant a risk for your long-term health and longevity as cigarette smoking." 
Why Amsterdam has the most badass city flag in the world:  
The data doesn't lie. 
@ParticleDesign1 
THE DAY WE'VE ALL BEEN WAITING FOR.  #nationalnappingday
@TEDTalks Ironically we can't upload captions on Twitter, but we have a version with subtitles on our Facebook page! 
You don't have to speak another language to be a TED Translator! Bob captions talks to make them more accessible:  
Curse you, daylight savings. 
A burial practice that nourishes the planet:  @TheGoodDeath 
"A little effort on my part goes a long way to make this a worldwide phenomenon." TED Translator Bob Prottas  @TEDOTP
How to make better decisions -- and live with bad ones: 
How rebel scientists can make great leaps forward: 
4 truths about parenting that no one wants to admit: 
In defense of facts. 
These are the ingredients of a great conversation: 
Why America needs to offer paid family leave, and anything less isn't good enough:  @jessicashortall
Why losing someone you love only makes you want them more: 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
An incredible story of physical and mental endurance: 
Embrace who you are, both inside and out. 
3 TED Talks to watch when you have a big decision to make:  
How college loans exploit students for profit: 
How we can free students from crushing college debt: 
"Hidden mathematical truths permeate our whole physical world." 
College debt is a huge scam. 
The surprising differences between introverts and extroverts: 
"You don't have to go to one of the biggest brand name schools to be happy and successful in life." 
11 beautiful bits of advice on how to wake up your creative genius: 
Getting into a "good school" isn't the only way to be successful -- or happy. 
Our unhealthy obsession with getting kids into college:  @DeanJulie 
Teenagers aren't bonsai trees to be clipped and pruned to perfection.  
10 funny, insightful TED Talks by Hans Rosling:  
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
What’s the best way to raise successful kids? Don’t micromanage. #TEDTalksPBS @DeanJulie  
You are going to persevere until you succeed! Yes you are! Go you! You can do it! We believe in you! 
These great books offer a blueprint for bold leadership: 
"Overwork doesn’t just exhaust employees, it can sap a company’s profits and saddle taxpayers with hidden costs." 
This brilliant architect can fix any problem using one simple way of thinking:  
Who else is watching 7 hours of train footage this weekend?! 
Yay, that's so exciting!! To learn more about how you can discover ancient ruins, watch Sarah's TED Talk:  
10 TED Talks for parents who are short on time but starved for intellectual stimulation:   
10 short TED Talks to watch during your coffee break:  
Why are there so few women in senior corporate roles? An expert shares the unvarnished truth on Sincerely, X: 
10 TED Talks for when you’re expecting a child:  
Would you swallow a perfume pill to always smell amazing? 
Inside the modern-day debtors' prison: 
"Sonder" is the realization that everyone else's lives are as complex and unknowable as our own. @ObscureSorrows 
"Jouska": a hypothetical conversation that you compulsively play out in your head. @ObscureSorrows 
How to raise gutsy girls:  @carowriter
Working hard but not improving? You're not alone. Here's what can help. 
"One of the things I know as a historian is that you should never underestimate human stupidity." 
How can you live a meaningful life? @LuxNarayan studied 2,000 obituaries to find out. 
Why we're all really, really, really, really bad at statistics:  
In the US, it's illegal to arrest someone because they can't afford to pay a fine. But that's what's happening: 
We love facts. Like, a lot. 
Why some companies survive -- and others don’t:  @MartinKReeves
Don't just face the facts. Embrace them. 
Have you ever guessed a stat and been hilariously wrong? Here's why: 
"I can't help but see in our public discourse so many of the same destructive impulses that ruled my former church." 
This sh*t makes sense. 
@TEDTalks y'all, Serena Williams 😃
A biologist has created artificial cells that can “talk” to natural cells — but are they really alive? 
Are you a soldier or a scout? Your answer could determine how clearly you see the world. 
Why you think you’re right, even when you’re wrong:  
The hidden racial bias of facial recognition software -- and how to fight it:  @jovialjoy
How we can use data to solve global problems:  @MallorySoldner
The fantastic lineup of speakers for #TED2017 is now online! Take a look here:  
4 ways to build a beautiful company:  @timleberecht
37% of Americans believe in ghosts. Here's why they should worry about carbon monoxide poisoning:  @CarriePoppyYES
Is it a ghost? It may be a ghost.  @CarriePoppyYES
A chef was asked to create a banquet in space. This is what happened. 
A shattering insight that will change how you think about poverty: 
How to overcome fear and see life clearly:  @isaaclidsky 
"Please support women artists, buy their work, insist that their voices are heard." #InternationalWomensDay 
"I would rather be a bad feminist than no feminist at all." — @rgay  #InternationalWomensDay
How to make a profit while making a difference: 
5 @TED_ED Lessons about awesome women in history:  #InternationalWomensDay 
This brave woman came out as a lesbian in her TED Talk... to an audience of her co-workers: 
"We ask of powerful women: Is she humble? Does she smile? Is she grateful enough?" — Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie 
Why aren’t women allowed to tell the story of humanity? #InternationalWomensDay 
"I'm not against fear. I'm just pro-bravery." @carowriter 
"If a woman has power then why do we need to disguise that she has power?" — Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie #IWD2017 
10 TED Talks by women that everyone should watch:  #InternationalWomensDay
10 TED Talks on modern feminism:  #InternationalWomensDay 
"If the human story is told by men, take my word for it, it will be about men." #InternationalWomensDay 
Join us now for a #TEDdialogues on why the conservative movement is so divided with @FurchtgottRoth + @EliotACohen! 
"Bravery is learned, and like anything learned, it just needs to be practiced." @carowriter #InternationalWomensDay 
Join us on Facebook at 1PM EST for a #TEDdialogues on why the conservative party is so divided. 
Why are only men's stories considered "universal"? #InternationalWomensDay 
Happy #InternationalWomensDay! 
The wonderful and wise Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie offers her advice on helping girls reach their full potential. #InternationalWomensDay 
What "intersectionality" means -- and why it's so important:  @sandylocks #InternationalWomensDay
Teach girls bravery, not perfection:  @reshmasaujani #InternationalWomensDay 
"Our world is full of men &amp; women who do not like powerful women." Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie #InternationalWomensDay 
"I recently came to the realization that I am angrier about sexism than I am about racism." Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie 
This woman grew up in the Westboro Baptist Church... and then she joined Twitter. 
This is the hidden secret to understanding the world:  @rantonse 
Useful advice on how to wrangle a little more time for yourself: 
"You are the creator of your reality. With that empowerment comes complete responsibility." @isaaclidsky 
"Hold yourself accountable for every moment, every thought, every detail." @isaaclidsky 
"Your fears distort your reality. Under the warped logic of fear, anything is better than the uncertain." 
“In the hindsight of history, it’s always the failures of compassion that are most inexplicable and inexcusable.” 
.@meganphelps grew up in the Westboro Baptist Church. Here's why she left:  
Math is the hidden secret to understanding the world:  @rantonse
"Accept your strengths and your weaknesses, and understand the difference." @isaaclidsky 
How to raise gutsy girls:  @carowriter
If we want to raise brave girls, we must encourage adventure:  @carowriter
Why America needs to offer paid family leave, and anything less isn't good enough:  @jessicashortall
.@SaraRamirez sings of opportunity and wisdom: 
"I can't help but see in our public discourse so many of the same destructive impulses that ruled my former church." 
Take a music break with the one and only @SaraRamirez. 
"Escalating disgust and conflict are not what we want for ourselves, or our country or our next generation." 
6 creative geniuses share their storytelling advice: 
"I was a chubby-cheeked five-year-old when I joined my family on the picket line for the first time." @meganphelps 
Why sharing someone else's nude photos without their permission is a horrifying betrayal of privacy: 
“Aliens are in consideration until we can rule them out.” 
10 wild theories that could explain this star's strange behavior: 
"My friends on Twitter took the time to understand Westboro's doctrines, and they found inconsistencies I'd missed." 
.@meganphelps grew up in the Westboro Baptist Church. Here's why she left:  
Nude photos are not the problem. Nonconsensually sharing or publishing nude photos is the problem. 
The strange behavior of KIC 8462852 has inspired modern astronomy’s wildest ever guessing game. 
The most important star we’ve ever looked at:  
How technology is changing money:  @neha
Can you guess someone’s political party based on their name? 
Unexpected lessons on leadership from an adorable dance party: 
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
"A black woman in 2012 faced more than 10 times the risk of dying related to childbirth as a white woman." 
How one architect transformed his community:  
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
The future of money:  @neha 
It's the weekend. Let's get weird. 
Playful, pragmatic community spaces that encourage conversation: 
No one makes us love dinosaurs like @kenlacovara. 
Money is going digital -- for better or worse:  @neha
Clowns are out. Get a cyber-magician for your next party: 
Fear is boring, and other tips for living a creative life:  @GilbertLiz 
37% of Americans believe in ghosts. Here's why they should worry about carbon monoxide poisoning:  @CarriePoppyYES
Physical therapy is boring. This video game makes it way more fun: 
Is it a ghost? It may be a ghost.  @CarriePoppyYES
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
Skyscrapers are boring. One architect against the tyranny of the tower:  
"Fear is the oldest, deepest and least subtle part of our emotional life, and so therefore it’s boring." @GilbertLiz 
Exciting new discoveries explained by experts: 
9 jaw-dropping science breakthroughs:  
"The best time to work on your marriage is before you have one." 
"Looking for the truth and being willing to be wrong is awe-inspiring."  @CarriePoppyYES
"When talking about testable claims, respect them enough to ask these good questions." @CarriePoppyYES 
7 TED Talks on how to be smart about your money:  
Short on time? These talks are 3 minutes or less: 
Everything you need to know about keeping your nude photos private:  @amyadele
9 TED Talks for people who just really love plants: 
#TED2017 is coming to a cinema near you! Book your tickets now:  
Watch these talks while waiting for bae to text you back: 
There are over 15,000 nuclear weapons in the world. If you live in a city, one is likely pointed right at you. 
Fractals!! 
How to disprove the paranormal... without being a jerk:  @CarriePoppyYES
"Religion can and must be a force for good in the world." 
Skyscrapers — but no sewage system. Meet a city run by private industry:  
The world doesn't need more nuclear weapons:  @NSquareCollab 
For these women, reading is an act of daring:  #WorldBookDay 
Let's talk about stats, baby. 
When should you settle down? A mathematician's advice:  
"It's all the unanswered questions that make mathematics a living subject." The fascinating riddle of symmetry: 
"Children don't stop dying just because we the adults can't comprehend the injustice of losing them." @gmch 
6 TED Talks on how algorithms run our lives: 
8 TED Talks on how to work together effectively: 
The real divide in the US isn’t red vs. blue:  @will_potter
"I cannot let my family's deaths be diminished to a segment that is barely discussed on local news."  @sbarakat210
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
How do we know when we’ve truly found “The One”? Let's do the math. 
The deadly mainstreaming of anti-Muslim hatred:  @sbarakat210
This formula tells you exactly how many people to reject before finding your perfect partner:  
"One of the problems with school math is it doesn't look at how math is embedded in the world we live in." 
70 books to read when you’re looking for a completely different perspective on life:  #WorldBookDay
"We need to think about how to design social media experiences that promote civility and reward thoughtfulness." 
“If anything kills 10M people in the coming decades, it probably won’t be a missile—it will be a microbe." 
How do you bring change to the traditional, small town community you love? One woman shares her story:  
This hospice center celebrates young lives cut short:  @gmch
The books that students are required to read in 28 countries around the world:  #WorldBookDay 
7 books to read when you want to challenge yourself:  #WorldBookDay
"We are using the same word to talk about love that we use to explain a plague of locusts." @LenMandy 
Join the @litterati -- a nerdy digital community devoted to picking up trash! 
Eye-opening investigations into the dark underbelly of society: 
The official TED starter pack:  
"Our immune systems are just as much a battleground for equality as the rest of our bodies." @jenbrea 
The current US government is not alone in questioning the findings of science: 
#TED2017 is coming to a movie theater near you! Here's how to get tickets:  
15 years from now, we may be able to customize our babies. But should we? 
"If more people lived their lives trying to be famous in death, the world would be a much better place." @LuxNarayan 
"The pursuit of facts is under assault, whether it’s the muzzling of scientists or the elimination of data itself." 
"Politics is a limited realm. What matters most is the moral nature of society." @nytdavidbrooks #TEDdialogues 
Lessons on how to live a valuable life from 2,000 obituaries:  @LuxNarayan
Join us on Facebook for a #TEDdialogues about bridging the political divide with @GretchenCarlson &amp; @nytdavidbrooks:  
It's #WomensHistoryMonth! Celebrate with these badass TED Talks on modern feminism:  
"In the end, facts trump politics." 
"By allowing evidence to inform our decisions, we can do our part to stand up for science and for facts." @dbiello 
7 TED Talks on the fabulous life of germs:  
"Until we have data to rule it out, intelligent life remains a possibility." 
"How many lives could we have saved, decades ago, if we had asked the right questions?" @jenbrea 
This temporary tattoo helps women have healthy pregnancies:  
9 tips to take care of yourself in challenging times: 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
We can fight terror without sacrificing our rights:  @rmack 
Feeling hopeless? This talk will help. 
Why Islamophobia makes the world less safe for all of us: 
A powerful talk to watch on the last night of #BlackHistoryMonth:  @ProfessorCrunk
This app makes it fun to pick up litter:  @jeffkirschner 
Get ready... #TED2017 is coming to a movie theater near you! Book your tickets now:  
Powerful photographs of women fighting for an education in Gaza: 
@darkhero149 We hire only the finest primates!
Sorry for the lack of TED Talks: We're having some issues with our video player today. In the mean time, give  a try! 
The art of asking for what you want -- even when it's scary:  @amandapalmer
The tree in your yard has a lot to say.  
What happens when a black man visits the whitest towns in the US? @RichBenjaminUSA shares his funny, raw stories: 
How a country can have racism without racists:  @RichBenjaminUSA
Smelfies, and other experiments in synthetic biology:  @wonderinganimal 
Will highly intelligent algorithms make humans superfluous in the workforce? 
"99 percent of human qualities and abilities are simply redundant for the performance of most modern jobs." 
"Most of what kids currently learn at school will probably be irrelevant by the time they are 40." 
What if you could take a smell selfie? @wonderinganimal 
This 5th grade teacher made his classroom look like the real-world… and test scores soared:  via @TED_ED 
"The year is a simulation of adulthood where students learn about personal finance and entrepreneurial skills." 
But first, let me take a smelfie.  @wonderinganimal
What happens when a black man crashes a white supremacist retreat:  @RichBenjaminUSA
An extraordinary story of attempted murder, forgiveness and redemption:  @AnandWrites
A powerful story of what it means to be a true American:  @AnandWrites
Preeeeetty 
This riddle has been called the hardest logic puzzle ever. Give it your best shot.  via @TED_ED
9 TED Talks for theater geeks:  
The data doesn't lie. 
The world looks a lot different through one of these headsets: 
Boss up. 
Beautiful, practical advice for new parents: 
How one mother reckons with the unthinkable: 
What happens when a rigged game of Monopoly makes some players really rich? 
5 TED Talks when you're a data nerd but you also like pretty things: 
Feeling hopeless? This talk will help. 
"If you really want to know a people, you start by looking inside their bedrooms." 
How to create a stronger password so you don't get hacked: 
"America was fracturing into two distinct societies: a republic of dreams and a republic of fears." @AnandWrites 
Sext responsibly this weekend!  @amyadele
We're not sure how these strange TED Talks became cult hits, but we're not complaining. 
What teens ask about sex when their questions are anonymous: 
"Be a leader. Set an example. Be passionate. Be courageous. Be your best." @GabbyGiffords 
These TED Talks are a good place to start! 😉  
A simple way to save more of your paycheck:  
Warning: This clip is disgusting but amazing. 
It's Friday. Watch a man juggle for 37 minutes. 
On screen, men outnumber women 3 to 1, and things are far worse behind the camera. @MDSCInitiative 
The film industry is sexist, and here’s the data to prove it:  @MDSCInitiative
Join now for a conversation with @rickperlstein and @TimothyDSnyder about what's next for democracy:  #TEDdialogues 
The business of fixing an ailing government:  @charity_wayua 
"Just because a system is sick doesn't mean it's dying." @charity_wayua 
How online abuse has spiraled out of control:  @AshleyJudd 
A famous puzzle maker shares his tricks: 
"I was the mystery of an anatomy, tightroping between awkward boy and apologetic girl." #ProtectTransKids 
Can other planets support life? How we find out:  @aomawa
Exoplanet expert @profsaraseager is hunting for another Earth. She thinks we'll find alien life—soon: 
"As a trans person, public bathrooms are where I am most likely to be questioned or harassed." #ProtectTransKids 
8 TED Talks to watch when you're just done with living on this planet:  
This strange talk will tickle your brain: 
What a planet needs to sustain life: 
This little guy could be a precursor to biodegradable, autonomous pollution-fighting robots: 
Hear the story of one of TED's Arabic translators, Mahmoud Aghiorly, originally from Aleppo, Syria:  via @TEDOTP
Meet the "Row-bot," a water robot that eats pollution:  
The treasure trove of unique genomes hiding in plain sight:  
"One of the things I know as a historian is that you should never underestimate human stupidity." #TEDdialogues 
"The idea that black people have had no impact on history is one of the foundational ideas of white supremacy." 
A candid, thought-provoking look at history and race:  @ProfessorCrunk
The racial politics of time:   @ProfessorCrunk 
10 TED Talks for when you’re expecting a child:  
"A political leader's ability to do good is limited, but their ability to do harm is unlimited." #TEDdialogues 
The first in our new series of #TEDdialogues tries to make sense of the new political divide: 
"History's what I call the Mount Rushmore model. It looks majestic, but the women have been entirely left out." 
This beautiful skyscraper channels the breeze:  
When should you settle down? A mathematician's advice:  
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
6 TED Talks on how algorithms run our lives: 
Cutting-edge tactics to keep your organization one step ahead: 
8 TED Talks to help you figure out who you are: 
The story behind @HallaTomas's rule-breaking campaign for president of Iceland:  #PresidentsDay 
The first female President of Ireland shares why climate change is too important for politics:  #PresidentsDay
The unexpected reason why the United States calls its leader "President"  #PresidentsDay
A stirring argument for gender equality from former President Jimmy Carter:  #PresidentsDay
"It's time for women to run for office, be it the office of the CEO or the office of the president." #PresidentsDay 
"Our relationship has always been about setting each other free." @KimKatrinMilan 
Fractals!! 
"Certain governments have mastered the use of cyberspace for propaganda purposes." @evgenymorozov 
8 reasons why Earth is freaking awesome: 
"Queerness encompasses all of the layers of who I am and how I've loved." @KimKatrinMilan 
How to spot a fad diet:  via @TED_ED
Here’s how you can discover history’s hidden artifacts -- without leaving home: 
Why all new parents should get paid time off work:  @jessicashortall
"We are using the same word to talk about love that we use to explain a plague of locusts." @LenMandy 
"We need to treat other people the way they want to be treated, which means we have to ask." @KimKatrinMilan  
"Our built environment matters. The fabric of our cities is reflected in the fabric of our souls."  @marwa_alsabouni
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
How AI can bring on a second Industrial Revolution:  
This is how static electricity works:  via @TED_ED
What it's like to be a refugee parent:  
Race cars designed by robots!! 
"The moment you admit to loving someone, you admit to having a lot to lose." — @LenMandy 
How to build a city that doesn't terrify pedestrians:  @JeffSpeckAICP
"We need to build a world where children can dream of planes dropping gifts, and not bombs." 
Sext safely, everyone.  @amyadele
Have we reached the end of physics?  @harryvcliff 
Nature is everywhere — we just need to learn to see it:  @Emma_Marris 
Your local jail is running an illegal extortion scheme: 
What is narcissism?  via @TED_ED
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." 
How jails extort the poor:  
9 TED Talks by badass activist artists: 
Mew mew mew. 
"We have to leave behind the security of who we’ve become, and go to the place of who we are becoming." 
In memory of a great man and the numbers he loved: 
8 TED Talks to help you understand social justice:  
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
"Feminism will make it possible for the first time for men to be free." 
Say hello to the decentralized economy! The blockchain is about to change everything: 
"As long as there is breath in your body, it's never too late to change your story." 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
Good luck y'all, we're out of here. 
"14 of the 15 hottest years ever measured with instruments have been in this century." @algore #DayofFacts 
Going to a mosque regularly is linked to more tolerant views of other faiths &amp; greater civic engagement. #DayofFacts 
"Feminism is not a rulebook but a discussion, a conversation, a process." 
Over half of the world's refugees are children. @melissarfleming #DayofFacts  
Solid goal for this weekend. 
"Taking someone’s perspective allows us to be ambitious and assertive, but still be likable." 
How to speak up for yourself:  
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf
HAL 9000 is coming, but hopefully without the homicidal tendencies: 
Raise your hand if you’re afraid of AI! 
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf
Can other planets support life? How we find out:  @aomawa
The way we think about work is broken:  @BarrySch 
Sexting, like anything that's fun, runs its risks — but a serious violation of privacy shouldn't be one of them: 
How we'll find life on other planets:  @aomawa 
Give yourself the appreciation you deserve. 
This is what makes us suffer at work: 
How to turn shame into strength: 
"People want to be allowed to be virtuous. They want to have permission to do the right thing." 
Want a more productive team? Stop measuring productivity: 
"Wise people know when and how to bend the rules. Wise people know how to improvise." 
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
"How is it that we allow the majority of people on the planet to do work that is meaningless and soul-deadening?" 
"Dealing with other people demands a kind of flexibility that no set of rules can encompass." 
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
Why whistleblowers are more vulnerable than ever:  @trevortimm 
How to talk to parents who fear vaccines: 
Nobody plays the guitar like @rodgab. 
Why we must get vaccinated:  
The frightening relationship between race, stress and pregnancy:  @miriamzperez
The problem isn’t sexting. It’s digital privacy.  @amyadele
"Our emotions can give us valuable information about the world, but we’re often taught not to listen to them." 
"What if there are things that even a good relationship can never provide?" 
"Affairs are an act of betrayal. They are also an expression of longing and loss." 
"I believe that self-mockery is one of the best means for a relationship to endure." 
This is what enduring love looks like:  
How to understand and expose corruption: 
"If you want to tell someone that you'll love them forever and ever, give them a theorem!" 
A better way to talk about love:  @LenMandy 
"Journalists need to be tough. We need to speak truth to power, but we also need to be responsible." @Lara 
Should emotions be taught in schools?  
"We have to resist the temptation to use fear for ratings." @Lara 
How to use data to find love: 
Pssst, sign up for our bi-weekly science newsletter!  
"We need a Hippocratic oath for the news industry, a pledge to first do no harm." @Lara 
"Technology is never deterministic. You can use the same technology to create different kinds of societies." Yuval Noah Harari #TEDdialogues
"My basic reaction as a historian is: if this is the era of post-truth, when the hell was the era of truth?" Yuval Noah Harari #TEDdialogues
"A political leader's ability to do good is limited, but their ability to do harm is unlimited." Yuval Noah Harari #TEDdialogues
"One of the things I know as a historian is that you should never underestimate human stupidity." Yuval Noah Harari #TEDdialogues
"The only way to have effective regulation on things like genetic engineering is to have global regulation." Yuval Noah Harari #TEDdialogues
"No single nation can regulate the cyber river by itself. We are all living together on a single planet." Yuval Noah Harari #TEDdialogues
Join now for a conversation with Yuval Noah Harari about today’s political upheaval, the 1st of our #TEDdialogues:  
"We need to embrace complexity if we want to make sense of a complex world." @Lara 
3 ways to fix a broken news industry:   @Lara 
"News is adult education." @Lara 
When should you settle down? A mathematician's advice:  
"There is an algorithm for love. It's just not the one that we're being presented with online." 
"The crisis of desire is often a crisis of the imagination." 
"The very ingredients that nurture love are sometimes the very ingredients that stifle desire." 
How love and consumerism have gotten all mixed up: 
"This is the thing that most of us really want from love: to be known, to be seen, to be understood." — @LenMandy 
A queer vision of love and marriage:  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan 
For everyone who totally forgot Valentine's Day: 
"Work with me on how we teach our sons to be men -- that it's okay to have feelings and emotions." 
The choices we make when we fall in love: 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
Sexting, like anything that's fun, runs its risks — but a serious violation of privacy shouldn't be one of them: 
How do we know when we’ve truly found “The One”? Let's do the math. 
We need to worry less about sexting and more about consent:  @amyadele
This Valentine's Day, love yourself. 
This formula tells you exactly how many people to reject before finding your perfect partner:  
@BeMoreLikeMae happens to us all the time ;)
We are obsessed with @rodgab. Just... how?! 
#Valentines goals.  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan 
We're in the #Valentines spirit today! 
How to practice safe sexting:  @amyadele 
We added graphs and equations to love, happy #Valentines Day!! 😘 🤓
How your microbes influence your love life:  
@allysolak 😚
How to expose the corrupt (and why we so desperately need to): 
"Play up whatever it is that makes you different, even if you think that some people will find it unattractive." 
Happy Valentine's Day! 
"Falling in love is not the same thing as staying in love. Falling in love is the easy part." — @LenMandy 
Why do happy couples cheat? 
A new metaphor for love that may help us find more joy — and less suffering:  @LenMandy
3 quick and clever poems about odd love: 
"To be tender is to accept your loved one's weaknesses." 
"Love is unpredictable, creative. Love involves both joy and pain. Each experience of love is different." @LenMandy 
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
"Black women are four times more likely to die during pregnancy and childbirth than white women." @miriamzperez 
What’s the difference between falling in love and staying in love?  @LenMandy
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
3 mathematically verified tips to improve your love life: 
Love yourself. 
How racism harms pregnant women — and what can help:  @miriamzperez 
Why losing someone you love only makes you want them more: 
3 ways to hack your love life...with math! 
"The world has changed, and those of us who look beyond our borders are on the right side of history."  @Hughcevans
How to spot a fad diet:  via @TED_ED
An eco-friendly burial suit made out of...mushrooms. Would you wear it?  
"A dream job isn’t all dreaming; it’s all job, all reality, all blood, all sweat, no tears." @shondarhimes 
"What kind of person likes working more than being at home? Me." @shondarhimes 
“If the song of my heart ceases to play, can I survive in the silence?" @shondarhimes 
"What do you do when the thing you do, the work you love, starts to taste like dust?" @shondarhimes 
Brilliant, simple advice from @shondarhimes on getting your passion back: 
"There's more genetic diversity in 55 African chimpanzees than there are in seven billion humans."  @EvolvingJuan
How baby diapers can help us study the brain: 
What it's like to be a parent in a war zone:  
"The mosquito has killed more humans than any other creature in human history." 
The complex social lives of trees: 
A new way to heal hearts without surgery:  
This invention can heal children’s hearts: 
Why some companies survive -- and others don’t:  @MartinKReeves
When @GeorgeTakei was 5 years old, he was taken to a Japanese internment camp. Hear his powerful story: 
So here's a fun question: How does the mammalian erection work? 
The unexpected math behind Van Gogh's "Starry Night":  (via @TED_ED) 
The huge, hidden difference between Android and iPhone:  @csoghoian
How to gracefully end any conversation: 
"Everyone's entitled to their opinion. But you're not entitled to your own facts." 
What makes someone snap? A woman learns a valuable lesson when a bad customer service experience triggers violence: 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
Watch biologist Uri Alon's talk about the creativity of scientific research:  
Have you ever felt burned out at work? One doctor shares how burnout led to a patient's death: 
"People don’t really listen unless there is an emotional impact that causes them never to forget." 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
How we can help refugee parents give their kids the warm, secure parenting they need: 
7 books to read when you want to challenge yourself: 
6 must-read books about psychology, recommended by TED speakers: 
This list of books assigned to students everywhere will expand your horizons — and your bookshelves: 
70 books to read when you’re looking for a completely different perspective on life: 
How this teacher helps kids of color feel safe in the classroom:  @DenaSimmons
The ignored struggle of chronic fatigue syndrome:  @jenbrea 
"How could a disease this common and this devastating have been forgotten by medicine?" @jenbrea 
What happens when you have a disease doctors can't diagnose:  @jenbrea 
This talk is a must-watch for every working parent: 
4 truths about parenting that no one wants to admit: 
What can the ancient past teach us about parenting today? An archaeologist explains: 
Earth could look a lot like Mars someday:  
4 ways to make a city more walkable:  @JeffSpeckAICP 
A mother reckons with her son’s murder-suicide: 
Why we must #SayHerName: 
Apparently our site is taking a snow day too. We're working hard to get  back up and running! 
Unanswered questions in physics make us wonder if our own universe is just one of many: 
The hidden civil rights abuse in smartphones:  @csoghoian
How machines are developing intuition -- and building things that would never occur to humans: 
We must end abuse, whether it's emotional, physical, sexual or digital: 
"The time now is to move from mourning and grief to action and transformation." @sandylocks 
Surprise! The Earth's atmosphere is escaping. 
The incredible inventions of intuitive AI:  
Sue Klebold's son was a Columbine shooter. This is her story:  
Teach girls bravery, not perfection:  @reshmasaujani 
10 reasons to love — and support — our teachers: 
5 ways to lead in an era of constant change:  
17 teachers from around the world open up about the economics of their dream job: 
"It's simple: it's your body, and you decide what's best to do with it." 
"Our economy, our society, we're losing out because we're not raising our girls to be brave."  @reshmasaujani
17 ways to help a teacher out this school year: 
"Today, I'm here to share the experience of what it's like to be the mother of someone who kills and hurts." 
Why teachers should see "at-risk" students as "at-promise" kids:  @drvictorrios
When the rich and powerful are the only ones with access to encryption, it becomes a civil rights issue:  @csoghoian
How to avoid surveillance… with the phone in your pocket:  @csoghoian
New nanotech to catch cancer early:  
How the simple washing machine has changed women's lives around the world: 
"I am part of a large, everyday group of men who have been sexually violent toward their partners." @forgiveness_of 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
Hypnosis is getting a new look from researchers: 
Today we said goodbye to a legendary man. Here's a look back at some of Hans Rosling's best moments at TED. 
How scientists are trying to unlock the mysteries of hypnosis:  
In memory of a great man and the numbers he loved: 
.@BetsyDeVos yo 
Some stories can only be shared in secret. Watch the trailer for TED's new audio series, Sincerely, X. 
We're so sad to hear that Hans Rosling passed away this morning. He will be sorely missed. 
Our story of rape and reconciliation:  @forgiveness_of 
@FinniganLily absolutely!
"Far too often, responsibility is attributed to female survivors of sexual violence, and not to males who enact it." 
"The only thing that could've stopped my rape is the man who raped me — had he stopped himself." @thordiselva 
A football player on how we can prevent concussions: 
This artist said a powerful "no" to dictatorship: 
How machines are developing intuition -- and building things that would never occur to humans: 
What playing football does to your brain: 
The incredible inventions of intuitive AI:  
"None of our graduates have gone back to jail." Inside a prison education program: 
"Lying is an attempt to connect our wishes and our fantasies about who we wish we were with what we're really like." 
You are going to persevere until you succeed! Yes you are! You can do it! We believe in you! #mondaymotivation 
A hedge fund manager shares the spiral of lies that landed him in jail for six years. 
Welcome to the fight for equality:  
"This happened to me because I was born a girl in the wrong place." @KhadijaGbla #endFGM 
A clever new way to figure out if people are lying: 
10 short TED Talks to watch during your coffee break:  
Watching the Super Bowl this weekend? See how augmented reality will change the future of sports: 
"Catching cancer early is the closest thing we have to a silver bullet cure against it."   #WorldCancerDay
"We can't think about cancer -- let alone any disease -- in black-and-white terms."  #WorldCancerDay
7 TED Talks with insights on breast cancer:  #WorldCancerDay
7 TED Talks on how we're fighting cancer:  #WorldCancerDay 
This teen's loss inspired him to invent a test for pancreatic cancer:  #WorldCancerDay
"We owe it to one another and our country to reach out and try to connect." @GhostfaceWiller 
Want to change someone's mind about politics? Here's some practical advice:  @GhostfaceWiller
What do we want the world to look like 50 years from now? 6 strategies for shaping the future:  via @TEDFellow
How to talk politics with people outside your bubble:  @GhostfaceWiller
We hear it's football season? 3 super nerdy TED Talks about sports:  
We should approach our political divide like we're in a buddy cop comedy. No, seriously, just go with it. 
We happen to know a lot of scientists ;) #actuallivingscientist 
We love our scientists!!  #actuallivingscientist
How to think like a futurist:  
These 12 artists are channeling their political activism into creative work:  @TEDFellow 
Let's hear it for the losers!  
If your friend moved to Mars, what would the time difference be like? 
How do you heal a part of you that's broken? One woman tells the powerful story of her lowest moment: 
ENOUGH. 
These weird critters are still a mystery to scientists:  
Why activists need to be brave, brave, brave: 
This is why siblings fight so much: 
When a composer gets bored with music, things get weird: 
Your natural sleep cycle keeps really weird hours: 
Just a weird star … or signs of an alien civilization? 
Weird things we know about the 6,000 miles of road in New York City: 
We all need this talk right now. 
"Solitude matters -- for some people it is the air that they breathe." 
"The key to maximizing our talents is for us all to put ourselves in the zone of stimulation that is right for us." 
"70% of fathers and 65% of mothers exhibit a preference for at least one child." The impact of sibling favoritism: 
Football helmets don’t protect against concussion — and scientists aren't sure what does:  
How AI will change business: 
A boat carrying 500 refugees sunk at sea. The story of two survivors:  @melissarfleming 
Entire medieval cities hidden on the forest floor, and other incredible discoveries of 2016:  @indyfromspace
We're excited to share Sincerely, X, an original audio series for speakers to anonymously share their ideas:  
A mother reckons with her son’s murder-suicide: 
Sue Klebold's son was a Columbine shooter. This is her story:  
"No person who is fleeing war should ever face a closed border." - @melissarfleming  
How immigrant voices make democracy stronger:  
8 practical ways to help refugees:  
We must end abuse, whether it's emotional, physical, sexual or digital: 
Break out of the echo chamber: 
How to be a functioning adult human person: 
You've totally got this. 
“If there is no struggle, there is no progress." — Frederick Douglass 
Here are the TED Talks that cheer up a sad Bono: 
Happy #BlackHistoryMonth! Here's a fun look at social dance, from the Charleston to the Dougie: 
How our brains sync up when we listen to each other:  
Want to master a skill? Use this approach:  @ebriceno8
The history of African-American social dance:  @CamilleABrown #BlackHistoryMonth 
9 TED Talks to help you understand racism in America:  #BlackHistoryMonth 
The little problem I had renting a house:  #BlackHistoryMonth 
Here’s how you can discover history’s hidden artifacts -- without leaving home: 
How refugees can help your country thrive:  @refugeestudies
Money is going digital -- for better or worse:  @neha
This is what happens when you put an artichoke through an MRI machine: 
"Refugees are human beings with talents, aspirations, with the ability to make contributions — if we let them." 
How to hack online dating: 
This surprisingly smart animal has a passion for poo: 
10 gorgeous photos of the Crochet Coral Reef:  
How to react to a bully in a comment thread:  
Why we're all really, really, really, really bad at statistics:  
"Immigrants have the power to change the outcome of elections &amp; to change the face of pale, male, stale leadership." 
Have you ever guessed a stat and been hilariously wrong? Here's why: 
"I have fought to be in this country and I continue to do so every day." @SayuBhojwani 
Sarah Parcak's @Global_Xplorer brings the thrill of discovery to your fingertips:  #GlobalXplorer
Here’s how you can discover history’s hidden artifacts -- without leaving home: 
"Design can overcome our most deeply rooted stranger-danger bias."  @jgebbia @Airbnb
The deadly mainstreaming of anti-Muslim hatred:  @sbarakat210
The shocking move to criminalize nonviolent protest: 
"Art is our weapon. Culture is a form of resistance." 
The key to successful nonviolent resistance:  @juliabacha
Astronaut @Cmdr_Hadfield performs 'Space Oddity' at the end of his talk. It's AMAZING. 
Do you call yourself a left-brained learner or a right-brained learner? Well, you should probably stop. 
"We humans can benefit greatly from evolution’s natural inventiveness." 
Why teenagers seem so much more impulsive than grown-ups: 
What it's like to be Muslim in America right now:  
Why Islamophobia makes the world less safe for all of us: 
"We all agree that bigotry is unacceptable, but when we see it, we're silent, because it makes us uncomfortable." 
“ISIS has as much to do with Islam as the Klu Klux Klan has to do with Christianity.” 
How to know if your dog really loves you: 
Think you've got a terrible memory? You don't know the half of it: 
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse:  
What you can do to end Islamophobia:  @sbarakat210
"Muslims aren't a tumor in the body of America. We're a vital organ." 
Why you should be more skeptical of headlines about the brain: 

Space food! How we're making comfort food for astronauts in space:  
How to create a stronger password so you don't get hacked: 
Fascinating stories from a space mission to explore Saturn:  
Does anyone want to go champing this weekend?  @emckean
Listening to Mozart does not make you smarter or healthier, so you can stop acting superior to your friends. 
Did you know space ice cream only made it onto one flight? Turns out, it's gross.  
It's the weekend. Let's get weird. 
"Truth is never binary. Truth is a value. Truth is emotional, it's fluid, and above all, it's human." 
Easy ways to figure out what's fact and fiction on the Internet: 
Are you making one of these common password mistakes? 
A young scientist's quest for clean water:  @TheDeepikaKurup 
Hear how this teen scientist developed a cost-effective, eco-friendly way to purify water:  @TheDeepikaKurup
The approaching designer baby revolution -- and why we should be concerned: 
How to have better political conversations:  @GhostfaceWiller 
A better way to talk about abortion:  @ExhaleProVoice
"No one is smarter about the experience of abortion than someone who has actually had one." 
Want to keep your money and private documents safe? You need to watch this talk.  @calebbarlow
Where cybercrime really comes from:  @calebbarlow 
Genetically modified designer children: yea or nay? 
Inside the world of organized cybercrime:  @calebbarlow
15 years from now, we may be able to customize our babies. But should we? 
How to talk politics with people outside your bubble:  @GhostfaceWiller
Scientists can be wrong, but we should trust them anyway. Here's why: 
The lost art of losing:  
What it's like to be a young Muslim in Europe:  @Deeyah_Khan 
.@Deeyah_Khan unearths the rejection and isolation felt by many Muslim kids growing up in the West:  
Gene editing can now change an entire species — forever:  @JenniferMKahn 
8 perfectly legal ways criminals hide money: 
Inside the world of organized cybercrime:  @calebbarlow
Don't be a bad boss. 
@romanmars we fixed our Norman doors!! 
8 TED Talks to watch when you're just done with living on this planet:  
What their resume won't tell you: 
"Good leaders know how to manage emotions as well as direction." 
How great leaders inspire action:  @simonsinek
How to gain creative confidence:  
"People don’t really listen unless there is an emotional impact that causes them never to forget." 
Why aren't you moving up at work? The career advice you probably didn’t get: 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
"Education is what people do to you, and learning is what you do to yourself." 
How should we talk about mental health? Thoughtful ideas from experts:  #BellLetsTalk
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
How to create an organization where people feel comfortable working on big, risky projects: 
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
The starships of the future won’t look anything like Star Trek’s Enterprise:  via @TEDFellow 
Want to keep your money and private documents safe? You need to watch this talk.  @calebbarlow
@CraigRAmason 😊 Thank you, Craig!
"If you tell people you're depressed, everyone runs the other way." Let's end the stigma.  #BellLetsTalk
How you talk about yourself can predict mental illness:  @mariuchu
What great leadership and music have in common:  
7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health:  #BellLetsTalk
These are the advances in science, tech and design that we're paying attention to: 
"We are witnessing the decline of facts, when emotions rule." @Sisonkemsimang 
"I don't want to live in a world where knowledge is obsolete." Why it's still important to memorize facts: 
"Everyone's entitled to their opinion. But you're not entitled to your own facts." 
Is it better to take one long vacation or a few short ones? Let's check the research: 
Never-before-seen photos of the #NoDAPL protests:  @CamilleSeaman 
These hands-on projects teach kids to love science:  @cesarharada 
"Through architecture, we can do much more than create buildings. We can help steady this planet we all share." 
Why you should fill your office with microbes:  @edyong209
11 TED Talks for procrastinators:  
Just like us, a building has its own good and bad microbes. Let's customize our spaces with the right ones. 
This beautiful skyscraper channels the breeze:  
The approaching designer baby revolution -- and why we should be concerned: 
These 12 artists are channeling their activism into creative work that can change hearts and minds:  @TEDFellow
15 years from now, we may be able to customize our babies. But should we? 
"We are using the same word to talk about love that we use to explain a plague of locusts." @LenMandy 
The official TED starter pack:  
A teacher's unusual approach to sex education:  @AlVsexed
What sex and pizza have in common:  @AlVsexed
This is what teens really want to know about sex:  
Genetically modified designer children: yea or nay? 
15 TED Talks to send to your aunt who has never heard of us:  
10 short TED Talks to watch during your coffee break:  
Hi! It's a pleasure to meet you. 
"We're struck. We are crushed. We swoon. We burn with passion. Love makes us crazy, and it makes us sick."  @LenMandy
9 tips to take care of yourself in challenging times: 
"You don’t just 'find' your calling — you have to fight for it."  #mondaymotivation
Medicine is a history of failed experiments:  
Running for president while female:  @HallaTomas 
"It's time for women to run for office, be it the office of the CEO or the office of the president." @HallaTomas 
We can fight terror without sacrificing our rights:  @rmack 
We need freedom of the press and open Internet to fight terror:  @rmack
Any medical treatment is a scientific experiment: 
"What we see, we can be. So screw fear and challenges. It matters that women run." @HallaTomas 
Street art with a message of hope and peace:  @elseedart 
The endless hunt for a new particle:  @jbbeacham
The thrilling exploration of particle physics:  @jbbeacham
A political party for women's equality:  @sanditoksvig 
It's time for women to run for office:  @HallaTomas
How a blind man uses echolocation to see the world with his ears: 
The key to successful nonviolent resistance? Women leaders.  @juliabacha
The story behind @HallaTomas's rule-breaking campaign for president of Iceland:  
We've stopped trusting institutions and started trusting strangers:  @rachelbotsman 
The mysterious world of underwater caves:   @jillheinerth 
How great architecture tells a story:  @BuroOleScheeren 
A conservative's plea: Let's work together.  @arthurbrooks 
This is how a driverless car sees the road: 
Want to join the fight for equality? Here's where to start: 
"There are two most powerful days in your life: the day you're born, and the day you discover why." 
"I'm kind of obsessed with flags." And now you will be too. 
~ Breathe ~ in the Earth’s history: 
Here's how to approach disconcerting moments with grace and fortitude: 
A spell-binding journey into the Amazon -- where rivers boil and legends come to life:  @georuzo
How I found a mythical boiling river in the Amazon:  @georuzo 
Go behind the scenes of a dangerous job where your only task is to find the exit: 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
Sandra Bland. Tanisha Anderson. Aura Rosser. Meagan Hockaday. #SayHerName. 
Here's your social justice starter pack:   
"Our world is on fire, and it is our job to recognize that it's our responsibility to help put out the flames." 
"If women are not at the table, do not be surprised if the female perspective is overlooked." @sanditoksvig 
How online abuse of women has spiraled out of control:  @AshleyJudd 
"The time now is to move from mourning and grief to action and transformation." @sandylocks 
How racism and sexism overlap to create multiple levels of injustice:  @sandylocks
Politics are far too divided. How we can bridge the gap: 
How to love yourself:  
How to embrace who you are, both inside and out: 
How to run a company like a visionary:  
How a driverless car avoids accidents: 
How to talk politics with people outside your bubble:  @GhostfaceWiller
Say hello to the decentralized economy! The blockchain is about to change everything: 
The nerdy secret behind the success of original Netflix shows:  @_wernicke
"Our immune systems are just as much a battleground for equality as the rest of our bodies." @TEDFellow @jenbrea 
"History's what I call the Mount Rushmore model. It looks majestic, but the women have been entirely left out." 
The secret to effective nonviolent resistance:  @jamilaraqib 
The key to successful nonviolent resistance? Women leaders.  @juliabacha
Great TED Talks to watch instead of whatever you're actually supposed to be doing: 
Just in case you're considering a relocation: 
Could politics be a true competition of ideas? Maybe, if we work together. 
How to find peace and quiet in the chaos of daily life:  via @TEDRadioHour
Don't say we didn't warn you. 
Can politics make great art? These 12 young artists say yes:  
"Over and over throughout history, people in power have used fear to silence truth and dissent." 
Math is everywhere. It's watching you. It's coming for you. 
Cutting-edge tactics to keep your organization one step ahead: 
The shocking move to criminalize nonviolent protest: 
"The real divide in the US is not between red state and blue state. It’s between all of us and people in power." 
"Healing is not the absence of pain. It is the decision to act in the service of your development." 
10 TED Talks to help you survive the apocalypse:  
We asked 5 poets to write an original poem for the US inauguration:  
Whatever your politics, poetry can help. 
Watch @AshleyJudd's powerful talk about why online abuse must end immediately:   
These kids build tiny houses, chicken coops — and life skills:  
A trippy look at the air we breathe:  
This tiny particle could hunt down tumors in your body: 
"In 1982, there were only two other Dannys on the Internet then. I knew them both." 
We're one step closer to the day when we can communicate with our minds: 
5 #TEDTalks to watch when you want to let go of regret:  
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed:  via @TED_ED
Watch @AshleyJudd's powerful talk about why online abuse must end immediately:   
@sheenabelmonte remember to stay hydrated!
Enough excuses. Online abuse must stop now:  @AshleyJudd 
How I'm discovering the secrets of ancient texts:  
Enough excuses. Online abuse of women must stop now:  @AshleyJudd 
This is the abuse @AshleyJudd gets online. Watch her full TED Talk here:  
How online abuse of women has spiraled out of control:  @AshleyJudd 
Eye-opening investigations into the dark underbelly of society: 
"How many lives could we have saved, decades ago, if we had asked the right questions?" @jenbrea 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
"Our immune systems are just as much a battleground for equality as the rest of our bodies." @jenbrea 
"Until we have data to rule it out, intelligent life remains a possibility." 
7 TED Talks on the fabulous life of germs:  
The string theory explainer you've been waiting for: 
Great TED Talks to watch instead of whatever you're actually supposed to be doing: 
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
The ignored struggle of chronic fatigue syndrome:  @jenbrea 
8 TED Talks to remind you that your story isn't over:  
8 TED Talks to help you explain difficult topics to kids:  
94 days until Earth Day!!!!  
8 TED Talks to help you recover from a major setback: 
"How could a disease this common and this devastating have been forgotten by medicine?" @jenbrea 
How medicine betrays people with chronic fatigue syndrome:  @jenbrea 
"Online we came together. We became our own scientists and our own doctors because we had to be." @jenbrea 
Why online privacy matters — and how to protect yours:  @csoghoian @will_potter 
The dawn of the age of holograms:  @akipman 
Would you be brave enough to leap from the stratosphere? This man was: 
The problem with race-based medicine:  @DorothyERoberts 
"I've kept more people out of jail as a prosecutor, and helped them stay out, than I ever could have as a defender." 
"Only through thoughtful dialogue about history and race can we evolve as individuals and society."  @sanfordbiggers
The best health advocates for black men? Barbers. 
A call for prison reform in spoken word and song:  @johnlegend 
How racism and sexism overlap to create multiple levels of injustice:  @sandylocks
"Get involved; don't sit on your couch and tell people what you think they should be doing. Go do it with us." #BLM 
A queer vision of love and marriage:  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan 
12 months of violence, fear and courage spill out in a poem about a year none of us will forget:  @chinakahodge
The inspiring story of the first black woman to earn a PhD in astrophysics from Yale: 
This is what it's like to grow up as a young black man in America: 
"Do not think for one minute that because you are who you are, you cannot be who you imagine yourself to be." 
9 TED Talks to help you understand racism in America:  
This inspiring principal opened a school to close a prison:  @TheLopezEffect 
"There is emotional damage done when young people can't be themselves." @DenaSimmons 
Education is still separate and unequal: 
"#BLM is our call to action. It is a tool to reimagine a world where black people are free to exist, free to live." 
The spellbinding art of human anatomy:  @streetanatomy 
"This is the most exciting adventure human beings have been on. This is the greatest superpower we have ever had." 
What sees the world more clearly, your eyes or a video camera?  via @TED_ED
These horrifying stories from new mothers will change how you think about family leave: 
"We live in a time where we are witnessing the decline of facts, when emotions rule." @Sisonkemsimang 
"We can create a world where those who do wrong are held accountable, where survivors get the justice they deserve." 
Treat yourself to a night at the jazz club: 
This technology could lead to designer babies if we don't take a step back now: 
This dinosaur hunter has a beautiful message about our place in the universe:  @kenlacovara
This is how static electricity works:  via @TED_ED
A better, safer way to report sexual assault on college campuses: 
How anonymous companies fuel corruption:  via @TED_ED #AntiCorruption
The future of flying robots:  
ENOUGH. 
This tiny tech team is the antidote to bloated government spending:  @haleyvandyck
We are unprepared for the digital age of conflict: 
“If I was stranded on an island and the only way to get off was to make a pretty UI, I'd die there.” 
Why peeing on a jellyfish sting is actually a bad idea, via @TED_ED: 
Seriously, use your vacation days.

How new technology helps blind people explore the world:  
"Artists should stop trying to win the game, and start trying to change the game."  @monicabyrne13
"Shakespeare's most poetic lines don't just talk about matters of the heart; they follow its rhythm." 
"Design can overcome our most deeply rooted stranger-danger bias."  @jgebbia @Airbnb
Why we aren't making vaccines for the world's killer diseases:  @GaviSeth
The next quantum leap in science education:  @Bodekaer
An epic overview of the wars that inspired #GameofThrones:  via @TED_ED
How to spot a counterfeit bill:  (via @TED_ED)
This is what happens when you get heat stroke:  via @TED_ED
The spellbinding art of human anatomy:  @streetanatomy 
How a strange Norwegian reality show crashed Twitter: 
"This machine would be capable of waging war, whether terrestrial or cyber, with unprecedented power." @SamHarrisOrg 
The power and danger of speaking out on social media:  @ionewells
Could we actually live on Mars? Find out:  via @TED_ED
A call for prison reform in spoken word and song:  @johnlegend 
This computer will grow your food in the future:  @calebgrowsfood 
Why is biodiversity so important? A fun lesson from @TED_ED: 
10 #TEDTalks to help you speak powerfully: 
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you're stuck in a rut: 
6 TED Talks celebrate that #LoveIsLove:  
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  
Learn something fun in the next three minutes: 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
How to crush that scary job interview: 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
8 TED Talks on the power of social media:  
That crazy, sci-fi future you imagine? It’s here. 
The chilling aftershock of a brush with death:  @jpmari000 
"The world would be a better place if audiences recognized that storytelling is intellectual work." @Sisonkemsimang 
Crossword puzzles + magic = @davidkwong 
"Listening is an important but insufficient step towards social action."  @Sisonkemsimang
"We are witnessing the decline of facts, when emotions rule." @Sisonkemsimang 
"Under the current economic models, even when writers win, they lose."  @monicabyrne13
"We have to be prepared to change our minds." 
The wisdom of Linus Torvalds:  
Beautiful photos of polar ice caps and the furry creatures that live there:  
How a driverless car avoids accidents: 
Get in on this tiny jungle party!  @shubzsharma
How online shaming destroys lives:  @jonronson
How patients with rare diseases can find a cure:  
We can now change entire species at will. Should we? 
What if you could take a test to find out how imaginative you are? 

Embrace the desk chaos. 
Animals can teach us a lot about survival... if we discover them: 
"Even making smaller story edits to our personal narratives can have a big impact on our lives." 
How the story you tell about yourself affects your life: 
Great TED Talks to watch instead of whatever you're actually supposed to be doing: 
We may never be able to regenerate our arms like a starfish, but that doesn't mean we can't try!  
GET BACK TO WORK. Or, you know, don't. 
Each new species we discover brings us closer to curing human illnesses: 
Beautiful, sad gifs show what's happening to the ocean:  
Awesome ways we use lasers to fight HIV ... and even edit memory: 
This food computer could change the way we eat:  @calebgrowsfood
The surprisingly logical minds of babies: 
"Feminism, as the last few months have shown, is a process — not a history lesson." @SamanthaNutt  
What happens when you remove the brain's hippocampus?  via @TED_ED
Not sure how @AlGore wound up in here...  
What makes a serial killer like Ted Bundy tick? A neuroscientist explains how their brains work: 
"The baby's brain seems to be the most powerful learning computer on the planet." 
This tiny particle could hunt down tumors in your body: 
This new telescope might show us the beginning of the universe:  
These families are just like yours, with one important difference:  
Say your truths and seek them in others:  @ElizabethLesser 
99 percent of rapists get away with it. That doesn't have to be the case. 
Every piece of art you've ever wanted to see — up close and searchable:  @googlearts 
If you've ever used Microsoft Excel, you have this guy to thank: 
A toast to the journalists who never give up: 
4 #TEDTalks on why we need brave journalists: 
These are Ben Affleck's favorite #TEDTalks. Just in case you were curious. 
These appalling weapons of war are still used by the US:  @LauraBoushnak
Gene drives could eliminate disease -- or destroy everything: 
A soul-baring story of truth-telling:  @ElizabethLesser
Stop scolding parents who don't vaccinate their children. Talk to them instead. 
Get to know our future robot overlords:   
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you have no idea what's going on in the world:  
How do you bring a 1,157-year-old library up to date? 
One key characteristic could predict success: 

Ever wished you could fly? Here's what it feels like to fly over the Grand Canyon:  
Would you donate a kidney to a stranger?  @aa_marsh
What really happens to the plastic you throw away:  @TED_ED
Think mass surveillance isn't a problem because you're not doing anything wrong? Think again. 
"This, for me, is one of the very best images of space science I have ever seen."  
The next step in nanotechnology:  @gtulevski 
"The measure of a free society is not how it treats its good citizens, but how it treats its dissidents." 
Can nanotechnology keep its promises?  @gtulevski
3 TED Talks to watch when you have a big decision to make:  
It was super easy. The easiest. 
Congratulations to our new class of TED Fellows!! 
Look at these really cool pictures of oil.  
The side of terrorism that doesn't make headlines: 
The beauty of what we'll never know:  @PicoIyer 
"The train is already out of the station, and there’s no brake to pull." @SamHarrisOrg 
The endless hunt for a new particle:  @jbbeacham
10 real-life love stories that'll grab you by the heart:  
"Our minds and our feelings are not the trustworthy friends we thought they were." 
"Love is unpredictable, creative. Love involves both joy and pain. Each experience of love is different." @LenMandy 
Love doesn't have to be madness.  @LenMandy
"We're struck. We are crushed. We swoon. We burn with passion. Love makes us crazy, and it makes us sick."  @LenMandy
A new metaphor for love that may help us find more joy — and less suffering:  @LenMandy
"There is no cosmic rule that says that great suffering equals great reward." @LenMandy 
"We want it both ways: we want love to feel like madness, and we want it to last an entire lifetime." @LenMandy 
"The most meaningful way to succeed is to help other people succeed."  @AdamMGrant #mondaymotivation
@williams_ashsue you're crushing it, Ashley.
A better way to talk about love:  @LenMandy 
"The train is already out of the station, and there’s no brake to pull." @SamHarrisOrg 
This conversation definitely could have happened over email. 
"Bias is not an accusation. It's something that has to be identified, acknowledged and mitigated against." 
7 TED Talks on humanity’s relationship with water:  
A captivating story can change the way we see the world. These talks explore how: 
5 #TEDTalks about the genius of babies:  
"We are in the process of building some sort of god. Now is a good time to make sure it's a god we can live with." 
"Knowledge is a priceless gift. But the illusion of knowledge can be more dangerous than ignorance." @PicoIyer 
This tiny particle could roam your body to find tumors:  
Why statistics are so persuasive... and misleading:  via @TED_ED
"Let us not forget to think before we speak, just because we might have a screen in front of us." @ionewells 
Why statistics are so persuasive... and misleading:  via @TED_ED
A hilarious look at how laughter makes us human: 
Pet dinosaurs. Maybe. 
The treadmill really is a torture device:  via @TED_ED
Yes, you can buy happiness... as long as you aren't selfish:

How to spot a fad diet:  via @TED_ED
A delightful conversation about the joy of long-term friendship: 
"I have fought to be in this country and I continue to do so every day." @SayuBhojwani 
A delightful conversation about the joy of long-term friendship: 
This is why viral videos are so infectiously funny: 
Why it's important to surround yourself with people who challenge you: 
"In 1982, there were only two other Dannys on the Internet then. I knew them both." 
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
The new American Dream:  @courtwrites 
The thrilling exploration of particle physics:  @jbbeacham
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
6 #TEDTalks to watch when the Internet is making you mad:  
"Crime is a product of a distorted mind." 
What we can do to die well:  @IhrigMD 
A harrowing story of life during the North Korean famine: 
5 moral values that shape our political views: 
10 TED Talks to help you survive the apocalypse:  
5 moral values that shape our political views: 
"Embrace your many passions. Follow your curiosity down those rabbit holes." — @emiliewapnick 
Here's your social justice starter pack:   
The unexpected benefit of celebrating failure:  @astroteller 
An Internet without screens might look like this:  @tomux
Want to come up with the next world-changing idea? Try procrastinating. 
Can you guess which poem was written by a computer? 
How we can help working class kids:  @JDVance1
"We tell all women that their sexual pleasure doesn't matter."  @SexProfSofia
"How many of you had a stranger touch your belly during pregnancy without asking your permission?" @SexProfSofia 
"We have got to stop telling women what they can and cannot do with their bodies."  @SexProfSofia
You should go home. It's time to go home. 
5 books you should read when you need help ignoring everyone:  #fridayreads 
7 delightful #TEDTalks that will make you love science: 
"Pregnant women are not faceless vessels of reproduction who can't stand on their own two feet." @SexProfSofia 
"People have sex for many reasons, some because they want a baby, but most of us have sex because it feels good." 
"A woman who prioritizes her sexual needs is scary. A woman who prioritizes her sexual needs prioritizes herself." 
"Every time a women has sex simply because it feels good, it is revolutionary. She is revolutionary."  @SexProfSofia
The lies we tell pregnant women:  @SexProfSofia 
You are going to persevere until you succeed! Yes you are! Go you! You can do it! We believe in you! 
Feeling out of control of your life? Stop thinking in the short term: 
The unexpected benefit of celebrating failure:  @astroteller 
Watch biologist Uri Alon's talk about the creativity of scientific research:  
We're one step closer to the day when we can communicate with our minds: 
This delightful talk will make you love poetry: 
We're one step closer to the day when we can communicate with our minds: 
What the ancient past can teach us about the chaos of 2016:  @indyfromspace 
"'Olé!' to you, just for having the sheer human love and stubbornness to keep showing up." 
Do you defend your views at all costs, or do you seek out new perspectives? 
It's your turn at the mic. Don't panic. 
How @MonicaLewinsky faced her fear of public speaking: 
"Public speaking is the most impactful way to share who you are and what you care about." 
Everyone is petrified of public speaking. Here's how the best speakers got over it: 
It's time to conquer your fear of public speaking.  
Want kids to learn? Feed them well:  @chefsamkass 
Seriously, just log off the Internet. It's a terrible place. 
Soon you’ll be able to 3D-print your clothes at home:  @danitpeleg3d
Here's how long you can expect your post-vacation glow to last: 
The complex social lives of trees: 
Seriously, just log off the Internet. It's a terrible place. 
From the Charleston to the Dougie:  @CamilleABrown
The 13 best science and tech TED Talks of 2016:  
We’ve forgotten the danger of nuclear weapons:  @NSquareCollab
14 TED Talks on the reality of war:  
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
5 words that definitely don’t mean what they used to mean:  @JohnHMcWhorter 
"Lying is an attempt to connect our wishes and our fantasies about who we wish we were with what we're really like." 
"Even a limited nuclear war involving tens of nuclear weapons could lead to the end of all life on the planet." 
It's time to get rid of nuclear weapons for good:  @NSquareCollab
How to think like a futurist: 
The wake-up call we need on nuclear weapons:  @NSquareCollab
3 ways of thinking that could help us tackle our toughest problems: 
"An amount of highly enriched uranium the size of your morning latte is enough to kill 100,000 people instantly." 
There are over 15,000 nuclear weapons in the world. If you live in a city, one is likely pointed right at you. 
The world doesn't need more nuclear weapons:  @NSquareCollab 
This is objectively a very bad idea:  
"Putting the right tools in the hands of more people could create more scientific discoveries." 
“A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you, and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.”  
The benefits of a good night's sleep:  via @TED_ED
Here's how to approach disconcerting moments with grace and fortitude: 
The top 10 TED Talks of 2016, chosen by @TEDchris:  
Government must give up control to keep us safe online: 
"Home, no matter where you are. That’s what this picture means to me."  
Step into a matrix of the world’s greatest art:  @googlearts
Have we talked about how awesome you are lately? 
Here are the advances our science, tech and design curators at TED are paying attention to: 
10 #TEDTalks to help you speak powerfully: 
8 TED Talks to watch when you’re in the mood for adventure:  
Want a productive office? Stop hiring selfish people:  @AdamMGrant
"The most meaningful way to succeed is to help other people succeed."  @AdamMGrant
The best places to go if you want to avoid everyone:  
Are you a giver or a taker at the office?  @AdamMGrant 
Is it time to bring back long-lost species? 
No really, you should stand up straight. Here's why:  via @TED_ED
"We are one of the loneliest societies that has ever been." 
What you need to know before the AI robot uprising:  
Worried about smart machines taking over the world? Here's what we need to think about first: 
20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time...have you seen them all? 
Jurassic Park isn't science fiction anymore. 
11 must-see #TEDTalks:  
Worried about smart machines taking over the world? Here's what we need to think about first: 
Well, this explains a lot. 
How trees talk to each other:  
"Language is the most beautiful of human creations. It's the loveliest thing that our brains have invented." @ajitq 
How to speak so that people want to listen:  @juliantreasure
8 TED Talks on the importance of play: 
Because you deserve a break. 
Relationship goals.  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan 
Feel like you need a vacation from Twitter? You're not alone. 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
10 #TEDTalks on why we do the things we do:  
Is it better to take one long vacation or a few short ones? Let's check the research: 
8 reasons to stop what you're doing and play: 
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." 
The impact of algorithms on everything from architecture to online dating: 
Why it's so hard to stick to a New Year's resolution: 
Pretty soon, kids will start asking for a robot instead of a dog: 
"Your fears distort your reality. Under the warped logic of fear, anything is better than the uncertain." 
Fascinating tales from the Internet's early days: 
Why you can't stop watching Netflix:  @_wernicke
Why we must teach our children how to be alone: 
This is your brain on listening:  @HassonLab
Does anyone know a good place to go hiking? This seems like a good time to go hiking. 
The quest to be the perfect lover is a modern delusion: 
What it's like to be Muslim in America right now:  
What if we could brew painkillers?  
You're not alone. 
Why we see the world the way we do: 
Are you prepared for the end of the world?  
Before you stay home to avoid your family because you’re afraid of an argument, consider opening up instead: 
How to react to a bully in a comment thread:  
Be a better friend to yourself: 
Fireflies are public health champions: 
"If you want to tell someone that you'll love them forever and ever, give them a theorem!" 
How a single word can change your conversation: 
This is what enduring love looks like:  
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
"You can fundamentally change your reaction to fear." Here's how: 
What are you doing with your life?! 
"Always be looking for that which you do well and that which you love doing." 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
How much of your brain do you actually use? The answer is not what you think:  via @TED_ED
How do you teach a computer to understand what a cat is? 
Think you can tell if a kid is lying? Think again. 
"For too long now, children with developmental disorders have suffered from misdiagnosis." 
How to talk to parents who fear vaccines: 
How to find work you love:  
8 TED Talks to watch when you're just done with Earth:  
"For too long now, children with developmental disorders have suffered from misdiagnosis." 
How scientists discovered the periodic table and revolutionized chemistry:  via @TED_ED
How we can be better people in 2017:  
Where does skin color come from? Here's how melanin works:  via @TED_ED
5 ways to build a beautiful city: 
70 books to read when you’re looking for a completely different perspective on life: 
A hilarious talk about falling in love with monster prime numbers: 
"Fear means you're not focusing on what you're doing." 
.@CameronCRussell offers a sobering look at what beauty can buy you: 
11 TED Talks on how we can redesign humans: 
3 #TEDTalks to watch when you have a big decision to make:  
5 TED Talks on how masculinity is evolving:  
A new lie-detection technology that could reveal our hidden emotions: 
How to make New Year’s resolutions that actually work out this time: 
7 TED Talks to help you give thanks: 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
Short on time? These talks are 3 minutes or less: 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
The surprising story behind the best-selling solo piano album of all time: 
Want to make the most of your vacation? Here's what to do: 
5 #TEDTalks that celebrate lifelong learning:  
Try something new for 30 days: 
5 #TEDTalks to watch when you want to let go of regret:  
"How have we convinced ourselves that there is no moral expertise, that every opinion has to count?" 
"Thinking that you know your lover or your enemy can be more treacherous than acknowledging you'll never know them." 
7 books to read when you want to challenge yourself: 
"If you’re going to have an argument with someone, the best way to do it is to assume they can teach you something." 
12 TED Talks to inspire your New Year's resolutions: 
Want a career you really love? These talks can help you find it: 
How a text message hotline is giving teens a safe, private way to ask for help: 
A travel writer shares his tips for flying without all the stress: 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
What 2016 taught us about ourselves:  
"I love my students, and I believe in their possibilities unconditionally." 
6 TED Talks on how your brain constructs reality: 
How to find the courage to do what you love, even when failure is likely: 
This mindset can help you make better decisions:  @juliagalef
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed:  via @TED_ED
9 TED Talks to make you feel like a kid again: 
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
"Almost everyone wants more from work than just a paycheck." 
A breakthrough new kind of wireless Internet:  
How to know if your dog really loves you: 
About 10,000 people a month Google the phrase, “Am I ugly?” 
What happens when our computers get smarter than we are? 
6 curious kids interview their moms about life and love:  
4 reasons to learn a new language:  @JohnHMcWhorter
"We humans can benefit greatly from evolution’s natural inventiveness." 
How to gracefully end any conversation: 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
How language can affect the way we think:  
How our education system fails young boys, and what we can do to fix it: 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think: 
Watch this when you feel like your life is a mess: 
It’s time to shake off 2016 and get ready to face the challenges ahead: 
Why losing someone you love only makes you want them more: 
"Love is a process. Thinking of it as binary causes us to be unduly concerned that it's fraudulent or inadequate." 
5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
This is how habits form — and how to break them: 
It's that time of year. Here are 5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
We added math to basketball and made it super nerdy. You're welcome! 
"Do you yearn to defend your own beliefs, or do you yearn to see the world as clearly as you possibly can?" 
Put. Your phone. Down. 
4 tips for having a good conversation about politics: 
"Our economy, our society, we're losing out because we're not raising our girls to be brave."  @reshmasaujani
"Knowledge is almost always better than ignorance — and usually less frightening."  @JamieJBartlett
Why we need to build a world that works for introverts too:  
A great way to think about setting and achieving goals: 
"We can find a way to grapple with the truth, instead of discounting facts and embracing what proves us right." 
"Monogamy used to be one person for life. Today, monogamy is one person at a time." 
Confused by commas? A clever way to remember when you need a comma:  via @TED_ED
If you've ever loved an addict, this talk is for you: 
Math is everywhere. It's watching you. It's coming for you. 
Why hearing "you're not there yet" is more helpful than hearing you failed: 
How to heal from difficult experiences... without letting them define you: 
Don’t panic if you catch your child lying – it’s actually a good thing: 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
"Fortune cookies: invented by the Japanese, popularized by the Chinese, but ultimately consumed by Americans." 
Have you ever wanted to reply to spam email? This guy does it all the time:  
Why we need a new name for "mental illness": 
Kids are much better liars than you think. See if you can catch them: 
Teach girls bravery, not perfection:  @reshmasaujani 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
How our bodies "leak" our true emotions when we're dishonest: 
What do kids learn from games like Call of Duty or World of Warcraft? More than you might think. 
Why girls need the freedom to fail:  @reshmasaujani @GirlsWhoCode
Research-backed advice on how to plan your holiday break: 
Why the color of your dinner plate matters, and other odd lessons about how we eat: 
45 must-listen podcasts to freshen up your commute:  
"Unless we give kids tools to build with computers, we are raising only consumers instead of creators."  @lindaliukas
"The erotic mind is not politically correct." 
Want to reach your goals in the new year? Stop believing these 5 myths about success: 
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
This teen's invention can be a huge help for Alzheimer's patients and their caregivers:  
The surprising impacts of low body confidence: 
The surprising impacts of low body confidence: 
"Autistic people are one of the largest disenfranchised minorities in the world."  @stevesilberman
Why teenagers seem so much more impulsive than grown-ups: 
"We need to think about how to design social media experiences that promote civility and reward thoughtfulness." 
Who are you, really? The puzzle of personality:  @DrBrianRLittle 
This talk is a lovely reminder to be kind to yourself: 
Skyscrapers — but no sewage system. Meet a city run by private industry:  
Sex ed for adults in 7 #TEDTalks:  
Is math discovered or invented? A thought-provoking answer from @TED_ED: 
The nerdy secret behind the success of original Netflix shows:  @_wernicke
A great way to think about setting and achieving goals: 
"If nobody told you they loved you today, you remember I do." How one brave principal saved a school: 
11 beautiful bits of advice on how to wake up your creative genius: 
The 13 best science and tech TED Talks of 2016:  
7 TED Talks on how to be smart about your money:  
How we explore unanswered questions in physics:  @jbbeacham 
Is it better to take one long vacation or a few short ones? Let's check the research: 
Surprise! The Earth's atmosphere is escaping. 
Pretty soon, kids will start asking for a robot instead of a dog: 
Please just let this man unsubscribe from your newsletter. Please.  @veitchtweets
Mew mew mew.  
"Real innovation is in finding ways to include everyone." The problem with trickle-down techonomics: 
70 books to read when you’re looking for a completely different perspective on life: 
You will never look at bank tellers the same way again.  @davidautor
"You've got to identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most." How to achieve lasting success: 
When computers are smarter than we are, will they share our values... or have values of their own? 
"Religion can and must be a force for good in the world." 
"Our world is on fire, and it is our job to recognize that it's our responsibility to help put out the flames." 
Prepare to see the natural world with new eyes. 
11 TED Talks by brilliant #WomenInSTEM: 
8 TED Talks to help you figure out who you are: 
Incredible new science lets monkeys send thoughts straight into each other's brains: 
The Internet could crash. We need a backup plan: 
The secret Internet you never see…and why you'll be on it soon: 
Want to make the most of your vacation? Here's what to do: 
"Our religious leaders forgot that it's our job to wake people up, to pull them out of apathy and into the anguish." 
"Hope may be the single greatest act of defiance against a politics of pessimism and against a culture of despair." 
"Religion is supposed to be about giving people back a sense of purpose, a sense of hope." 
It's time to reclaim and reinvent religion:   
Forget finding the fastest route to work. Take the most enjoyable: 
"I am not a visionary. I do not have a five-year plan, I don’t have a moon shot. I’m an engineer." — Linus Torvalds 
Is coding the next universal language? Here's what you should know: 
Here are some of the weird projects Google never launched: 
7 TED Talks on why coding matters: 
"If we married for love, what does it mean, now, to be married without love?" 
Your Christmas tree once had a very active social life. 
This new kind of wireless Internet could get the whole world online: 
The secrets to a truly restorative vacation:  
Earth could look a lot like Mars someday:  
Research-backed advice on how to plan your holiday break: 
"It’s always been a dream of mine to have done a TED Talk in the past.”  @waitbutwhy
You only wish you could procrastinate as well as this guy. 
How to turn shame into strength: 
"We can't practice compassion with other people if we can't treat ourselves kindly." 
Tell your daughters of 2016.  @chinakahodge 
What will you tell your daughters about 2016?  @chinakahodge 
12 months of violence, fear and courage spill out in a poem about a year none of us will forget:  @chinakahodge
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you feel totally burned out: 
"The key to maximizing our talents is for us all to put ourselves in the zone of stimulation that is right for us." 
Want to break a bad habit? Get curious about it: 
One in 10 American children is diagnosed with ADHD — but we still don’t understand the disorder: 
This list of books assigned to students everywhere will expand your horizons — and your bookshelves: 
6 must-read books about psychology, recommended by TED speakers: 
How to be an original thinker:  @AdamMGrant
3 ways to recover from rejection: 
The pressure to be perfect is hurting our girls:  @reshmasaujani @GirlsWhoCode
"We're raising our girls to be perfect, and we're raising our boys to be brave."  @reshmasaujani @GirlsWhoCode
You should go home. It's time to go home. 
"As a trans person, public bathrooms are where I am most likely to be questioned or harassed." @ivancoyote 
This teen's invention can be a huge help for Alzheimer's patients and their caregivers:  
Watch this talk if your kid is a brilliant little liar: 
Why are there still so many jobs?  @davidautor 
Give your brain something optimistic to chew on: 
70 books to read when you want to explore the world but can’t stand to leave your house: 
70 books to read when you’re looking for a completely different perspective on life: 
How megacities are changing the map of the world:  @paragkhanna 
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
Tech icon Martine Rothblatt was 40 years old when she came out as transgender. Here's her young daughter's response:  
Watch these adorable robots play follow the leader: 
We are unprepared for the digital age of conflict: 
10 #TEDTalks about co-existing peacefully with robots: 
The next quantum leap in science education:  @Bodekaer
How technology is changing our relationships:  
Your bike helmet won’t save you from a concussion: 
How we can start winning the war against cancer:  
"Through that nick of the skin, I could see the birth of a revolution in cancer treatment." 
How honest, attractive, and interesting are you? Why most people think they're above average: 
Does technology make us feel connected, but alone?  
Why it's harmful to be 'color blind' when it comes to race: 
When you've had enough of the haters: 
"FDR ordered all Japanese-Americans on the West Coast to be rounded up with no charges, no trial, no due process." 
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
This fascinating experiment discovered the most productive and inspiring office setup: 
The string theory explainer you've been waiting for: 
What kind of maniac asks for a "burger refill"? This guy: 
The best possible way to overcome your fear of rejection: 
10 things you didn't know about orgasm:  @mary_roach
Want to overcome your fear of rejection? Ask your waiter for a "burger refill": 
Beautifully weird ways to overcome your fear of rejection: 
"No matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal." 
What is happiness, and how can we all get some? 
Rejection doesn’t have to be scary. It’s a gift: 
"Anyone who is suffering from shame and public humiliation needs to know one thing: You can survive it." 
"I teach high school math. I sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it." 
Why it's harmful to be 'color blind' when it comes to race: 
The problem with race-based medicine:  @DorothyERoberts 
Government must give up control to keep us safe online: 
"Domestic violence happens to everyone -- all races, all religions, all income and education levels." 
8 #TEDTalks to help you understand race in America: 
8 #TEDTalks to help you understand race in America: 
When this dad was diagnosed with cancer, he created a council of dads for his daughters: 
How to gain control of your free time:  @lvanderkam
Poets are more likely to associate numbers with colors, and other strange facts about your brain: 
How to find the hidden hours in your day:  @lvanderkam
This test can detect cancer before you show any symptoms. Watch the first live demo:  
5 books you should read when you need help ignoring everyone:  
A jaw-dropping look at the future of devices: 
How color-coding a tumor can help doctors treat cancer much more effectively: 
Humans come in all shapes, sizes — and colors:  
That moment when our transcribers completely gave up on understanding @reggiewatts:  
It's the weekend. Let's get weird. 
Meet your new lady boss hero: 
"You can always tell ambitious women by the shape of our heads..."  
Practical strategies to help you find more time for what matters most:  @lvanderkam
Racial violence, cast in bronze, etched in glass:  @sanfordbiggers 
We can reprogram life. How to do it wisely:  @EvolvingJuan 
My love letter to cosplay:  @donttrythis #NYCC 
"Because of the digital revolution, I have a voice, and I do not need to scream." 
"The idea of one connected humanity has inspired the world’s greatest reformers for centuries." @TEDchris 
How AI will change business: 
The future of business is human and AI teamwork: 
Here's a twist: Ketamine could prevent depression and PTSD from ever developing. 
"It is a luxury, I will say to the white people here, not to have to think about race every second of our lives." 
How to create a museum — wherever you are:  
A crash course in gender studies for men: 
The surprising faces of the de-extinction movement: 
Our planet is the setting of a murder mystery: Where did all the big animals go? 
"There is emotional damage done when young people can't be themselves." @DenaSimmons 
Four tricky ways that fake news can fool you:  
"I have eternal imposter syndrome. Either I've been invited because I'm a token, or I am exceptional." 
"Every child deserves an education that guarantees the safety to learn in the comfort of one's own skin." 
A quick overview of the rights granted to American citizens:  #BillofRightsDay
How this teacher helps kids of color feel safe in the classroom:  @DenaSimmons
How students of color confront impostor syndrome:  @DenaSimmons 
"Feminism will make it possible for the first time for men to be free." 
How the setting for Slumdog Millionaire became the home of a unique and vibrant museum:  
Stunning sculptures by a wildly inventive artist:  
"It is human nature to look away from illness. We don't enjoy a reminder of our own fragile mortality." 
Are you being duped? Here's how to spot lies online: 
"There is no art without artists, and there are no artists without compensation." 
9 TED Talks for theater geeks:  
"Without confronting men's sense of entitlement, we'll never understand why so many men resist gender equality."  
Please just let this man unsubscribe from your newsletter. Please.  @veitchtweets
Thanks for the eggs, Teflon! 
4 ways misinformation can hide in plain sight: 
"Everyone's entitled to their opinion. But you're not entitled to your own facts." 
Here are the 10 TED Talks you couldn't get enough of this year: 
Four tricky ways that fake news can fool you:  
Could a drug prevent depression and PTSD?  
The most popular TED Talks of 2016:  
Why is it so difficult for writers to earn a living? 
An eco-friendly burial suit made out of...mushrooms. Would you wear it?  
"Privilege is invisible to those who have it." 
Why our burial practices need an eco-friendly update: 
We need to work with, not against, AI: 
"There was no particular day when anyone told me I would never speak again; it just became obvious." 
What you learn when you stare into the eyes of a stranger: 
"A world informed by reasoned thinking will be a different world than one informed by dark, instinctual reactions." 
For these women, reading is an act of daring:  
These beautiful infographics are changing how we read information: 
"All my life I was a motormouth. Now I've spoken my last words, and I don't even remember for sure what they were." 
A Pixar movie before and after lighting brings it to life:  @dafeinberg
The math and magic of origami:  
Forget wallet photos. This man carries his friends around in jars (it's not as creepy as it sounds): 
The most popular TED Talks of 2016:  
How AI can bring on a second Industrial Revolution:  
"Our built environment matters. The fabric of our cities is reflected in the fabric of our souls."  @marwa_alsabouni
"We have to leave behind the security of who we’ve become, and go to the place of who we are becoming." 
This is how static electricity works:  via @TED_ED
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
"Certain governments have mastered the use of cyberspace for propaganda purposes." @evgenymorozov 
How we'll survive if wheat, corn and rice crops are destroyed by climate change: 
The key to successful nonviolent resistance? Women leaders.  @juliabacha
How bad city flags hurt local politics: 
Any medical treatment is a scientific experiment: 
The challenge of creating a new democracy: 
The unexpected challenges of a country's first election:  
"Fat bodies are inherently political, and unapologetic fat bodies can blow people's minds." 
8 TED Talks to help you understand social justice:  
The problem with our fear of fat: 
"It's simple: it's your body, and you decide what's best to do with it." 
What 2016 taught us about ourselves:  
5 TED Talks to watch when your beliefs are being challenged:  
Medicine is a history of failed experiments:  
Powerful words on the Syrian refugee crisis from the new UN secretary general, António Guterres: 
We need more scientific curiosity in medicine -- and more humility:  
"There's more genetic diversity in 55 African chimpanzees than there are in seven billion humans."  @EvolvingJuan
Ever started to like a song after hearing it millions of times? Why we love repetition in music:  via @TED_ED
Jumpstart your Monday brain with this fun puzzle:  via @TED_ED
Why all new parents should get paid time off work:  @jessicashortall
Why whistleblowers are more vulnerable than ever:  @trevortimm 
"These dripping stones are actually clusters of microbes. Rather than inanimate objects, they are living stones." 
Say hello to the decentralized economy! The blockchain is about to change everything: 
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
Feeling sleepy at work? Why your office might need less light, not more: 
Rejoining the workforce? Here's what you should know: 
How technology has changed the definition of “parent”: 
How parents and children create their own family narratives: 
"There are parts of Canada where dinosaur skeletons are just lying around." 
"The point isn't to live without any regrets. The point is to not hate ourselves for having them." 
How to spot a fad diet:  via @TED_ED
What is narcissism?  via @TED_ED
"Black holes can bang on space-time like mallets on a drum." 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
How many ways can you arrange a deck of cards?  via @TED_ED
No really, you should stand up straight. Here's why:  via @TED_ED
"As long as there is breath in your body, it's never too late to change your story." 
A better way to talk about abortion:  @AspenBaker @ExhaleProVoice
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
The science behind some of your cat’s strangest behaviors: 
How we're protecting the future of food, one seed at a time:  
The unexpected math behind Van Gogh's "Starry Night":  (via @TED_ED) 
These are the 20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time: 
Is it actually ironic? 3 @TED_Ed lessons on irony: 
Because what we all need right now is more trouble sleeping! 
Don't say we didn't warn you. 
Explore the world’s greatest art in extraordinary detail: 
Where does skin color come from? Here's how melanin works:  via @TED_ED
"It is time to celebrate all the unsung heroines who find the heart and the grit to test every limit." 
5 #TEDTalks on the truth about lying: 
The surprising story behind the best-selling solo piano album of all time: 
How to make New Year’s resolutions that actually work out this time: 
"At work, we're often so busy 'communicating' that we don't have time to think." 
Want to overcome your fear of rejection? Ask your waiter for a "burger refill": 
Short on time? These talks are 3 minutes or less: 
You are going to persevere until you succeed! Yes you are! Go you! 
"Regret doesn't remind us that we did badly. It reminds us that we know we can do better." 
7 #TEDTalks for when you wish you had time to read:  
"We spend lots of time learning about calculation, but let's not forget about application." 
"Thousands of people work full and part-time jobs, and live in their cars." A personal story of homelessness: 
A clever new way to figure out if people are lying. 
It's that time of year. Here are 5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
In a time when irrationality seems to rule both politics and culture, has reasoned thinking finally lost its power? 
"Next time you're about to throw out an appliance, don't. Take it apart with your kid." 
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
You should go home. It's time to go home. 
Why we should celebrate when kids start to lie: 
Why are some people left-handed? @TED_ED explains:  #lefthandersday
A surprising discovery that could lead to many more innovations in health: 
Do kids think of sperm donors as family?  
You probably didn't learn this in sex education… 
How to understand and expose corruption: 
So here's a fun question: How does the mammalian erection work? 
What does it mean to be a citizen of the world?  @Hughcevans #GlobalCitizen 
How I learned to say my truths and seek them in others:  @ElizabethLesser
We're filling up Earth's orbit with our dead satellites, because of course we are.  @nmpanek 
The wonder and humanity of a mural that spans 50 buildings:  @elseedart 
"All societies will be multiethnic, multicultural, multi-religious in the future." 
Poor sanitation kills 1.5 million children every year. How we can save their lives: 
We need to clean up our space junk:  @nmpanek 
Say your truths and seek them in others:  @ElizabethLesser 
A soul-baring story of truth-telling:  @ElizabethLesser
How the human body naturally tells what time it is:  via @TED_ED
A love that lets us be ourselves:  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan 
A queer vision of love and marriage:  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan 
What kind of maniac asks for a "burger refill"? This guy: 
What children around the world are required to read in school:  
This list of books assigned to students everywhere will expand your horizons — and your bookshelves: 
The books that students are required to read in 28 countries around the world:  
A vision of marriage that lets us be ourselves:  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan 
3 ways to handle rejection like a pro:  #HowIHandleRejection
@TrentUngard It's one of our favorites too!
@CollisShane Thank you for bringing this to our attention!
@CollisShane oh goodness. Do you mind letting us know which talk these comments were on?
Beautifully weird ways to overcome your fear of rejection:  #HowIHandleRejection
"We have marginalized identities but we don't live marginalized lives." @themrmilan 
A landfill of dead satellites is orbiting our planet:  @nmpanek 
7 delightful #TEDTalks that will make you love science: 
"It is hard to stand in the face of bigotry with an open heart and a smile on my face." @KimKatrinMilan 
"If we continue to ignore or talk down to our fellow citizens, others will hear it and be emboldened."  @will_potter
"Governments are actually hiring, training and paying bloggers to leave ideological comments." @evgenymorozov 
This plant has just two single leaves that have been shredded over the past 2,000 years:  
What’s it like to have a song inside your head? A neuroscientist and a songwriter compare notes: 
"Being queer and trans is about creating new ways of existing." @themrmilan 
Put on your safety goggles and join us in the lab -- it's time for weird science. 
"We will all experience what looks like an ending, and we can choose to make it a beginning." 
"19 out of 20 people who attempt suicide fail. But those who fail are 37 times more likely to succeed the 2nd time." 
The best possible way to overcome your fear of rejection: 
Why we must break the silence surrounding suicide: 
Beautiful photographs of the oldest plants on Earth:  
Scientists have been trying to replicate bird flight for years. This robot finally soars:  
4 lessons the Ebola epidemic taught us:  @rajpanjabi
Extreme adventures in rejection: 
Rejection doesn’t have to be scary. It’s a gift: 
Want to avoid a misdiagnosis? Share this information with your doctor: 
"Today I'm a man of my own intention; a man of my own design." @themrmilan  
Baby coral are really cool.  
What steps do you take to protect yourself online? 
"Our ability to experience joy and love, and to improve our reality, comes only when we make ourselves vulnerable." 
10 most popular #TEDTalks about science: 
14 mind-blowing technology breakthroughs: 
"We need to treat other people the way they want to be treated, which means we have to ask." @KimKatrinMilan  
"No one is smarter about the experience of abortion than someone who has actually had one." 
A shocking history lesson on the struggle of the Lakota people: 
"The suffering of indigenous peoples is not a simple issue to fix." 
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
What does your online behavior say about you? More than you think: 
Let's clean up the space junk orbiting Earth:  @nmpanek 
Why it’s so tempting to shut people out:  
7 books to read when you want to challenge yourself: 
How to gracefully end any conversation: 
How diets affect your brain -- and why this healthy alternative may be more effective: 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
This is why diets can be so frustrating: 
How soap operas teach us to live boldly:  
"Queerness encompasses all of the layers of who I am and how I've loved." @KimKatrinMilan 
Sugar pills, injections of nothing — they often really work: 
"The seasonal flu is probably the biggest driver of antibiotic use." The coming crisis in antibiotics: 
"If you weed out all the error-prone health professionals, there won't be anybody left." 
What do we do when antibiotics don’t work any more? 
Why playing in the dirt might be great preventative medicine: 
"Stress gives us access to our hearts." The surprising benefits of stress: 
"There's a hidden epidemic in medicine: Doctors are scared of patients finding out who we are." 
"Our relationship has always been about setting each other free." @KimKatrinMilan 
The big, adventurous life lessons in soap operas:  
A love that lets us be ourselves:  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan 
Let's hope they don't really reach the center of the maze.  #Westworld
"Being queer and trans is about loving people as they are, not as they're supposed to be." @themrmilan 
Why Al Gore is optimistic that we can stop climate change:  
"Soap operas teach us to believe in our capacity for bravery, vulnerability, adaptability and resilience." 
A queer vision of love and marriage:  @KimKatrinMilan @themrmilan 
4 larger-than-life lessons from soap operas:  
The role architecture played in building -- and destroying -- Syria:  @marwa_alsabouni
"All societies will be multiethnic, multicultural, multi-religious in the future." 
Economic growth has stalled. Let's fix it:  @dambisamoyo 
"This is the most exciting adventure human beings have been on. This is the greatest superpower we have ever had." 
"What we need is a human rights movement that challenges systemic racism in every single context." 
Pirates, nurses and other rebel designers:  @alicerawsthorn 
How Syria's architecture laid the foundation for brutal war:  @marwa_alsabouni 
The new intelligent design is all about science:  @EvolvingJuan
"We are going to win this. But it matters a lot how fast we win it." @AlGore on climate change: 
How better tech could protect us from distraction:  @tristanharris 
"There has to be political noise and political costs in response to massive crimes against humanity." 
The secret to effective nonviolent resistance:  @jamilaraqib 
Why political leaders must overcome their fear of risk:  @j_tepperman
How free is our freedom of the press?  @trevortimm
How a strange Norwegian reality show crashed Twitter: 
Why we must evolve the human body:  @EvolvingJuan
What will humans look like in 100 years?  @EvolvingJuan 
"Design can overcome our most deeply rooted stranger-danger bias."  @jgebbia @Airbnb
How I snuck a memorial for Iraqi civilians into the US government:  @mattckenyon 
Nature is everywhere — we just need to learn to see it:  @Emma_Marris 
Who is responsible for global gun violence?  @SamanthaNutt
"Objects tell stories." Why great design is more than just a pretty facade: 
Can the rift between China and the United States be healed? 
The magic of talking to strangers:  @kiostark
A political party for women's equality:  @sanditoksvig 
How to protect whistleblowers in the Internet era:  @trevortimm 
The delightful stories behind some of the most iconic book covers of the last few decades: 
"I dream of a future where menstruation is not a curse, not a disease, but a welcomed change in a girl's life." 
How great design uses darkness to balance out the light:  
Want to join the fight for equality? Here's where to start: 
How the future of architecture will be shaped by...you:  
Why we should design for disability first: 
Extraordinary photos capture the magic of the Everglades:  @MacStonePhoto 
When we design for disability, we all benefit:  
"No matter how terrible violence is, if people see it as their only choice, they will use it."  @jamilaraqib
Time out. Let's talk about ugly flags.  @romanmars
"Impossible is not a fact, it's an attitude. It's only an attitude."  @CFigueres
"It's time for women to run for office, be it the office of the CEO or the office of the president." @HallaTomas 
"80 to 90 percent of the marine debris we're finding in the ocean is plastic." 
How I'm working for change inside my church:  @_chelseashields 
These are Ben Affleck's favorite #TEDTalks. Just in case you were curious. 
Why city flags may be the worst-designed thing you've never noticed:  @romanmars
Camels have been lying to us this entire time.  @latifnasser 
It's time for women to run for office:  @HallaTomas
How an avant-garde European socialist inadvertently designed the mall:  @stevenbjohnson
The real divide in the US isn’t red vs. blue:  @will_potter
Fascinating perspectives on the LGBTQ experience, from Kenya to Australia: 
A slight change in perspective can reveal the world's true meaning:  @rantonse 
Millions of Norwegians tuned in to watch a 7-hour train ride on television. Here's why: 
“If anything kills 10M people in the coming decades, it probably won’t be a missile—it will be a microbe." 
7 TED Talks on humanity’s relationship with water:  
10 beautiful buildings show the future of architecture:  
The story behind @HallaTomas's rule-breaking campaign for president of Iceland:  
This problem has killed more people than every 20th century war combined: 
The deep, unexamined divide between those who fear globalization and those who embrace it: 
We need to stop holding nuclear energy back: 
Seriously, just log off the Internet. It's a terrible place. 
This is the future of travel: 
14 TED Talks on the reality of war:  
A stirring argument for gender equality from former President Jimmy Carter: 
Don't try this at home. 
"Does it have to take a tragedy or a disaster for us to feel deeply connected as one species, as human beings?" 
This is what happens when your slides won't load at a TED conference: 
"The real divide in the US is not between red state and blue state. It’s between all of us and people in power." 
“If you speak the truth, I will stand with you and so will the world.” 
The emotional cost of trying to change the world: 
Social media can start a revolution -- but real change is harder: 
A very, very serious TED Talk about trolls: 
Unsubscribe. Please. Please just let him unsubscribe.  @veitchtweets
Math is everywhere. It's watching you. It's coming for you. 
An abandoned railway corridor turned park... in Atlanta:  @ryangravel
It’s time for women to run -- for CEO and president:  @HallaTomas 
What can we learn from shortcuts?  @thulme 
"We want to be the only political party in the world whose main aim was to no longer need to exist." @sanditoksvig 
A park to rescue Atlanta from the sprawl:  @ryangravel
This park wants to rescue Atlanta from its millions of highways:  @ryangravel 
How we're building a 22-mile-long park in the middle of a city:  @ryangravel 
How to speak up for yourself:  @AdamGalinsky 
How HoloLens adds a layer of magic to the real world: 
10 TED Talks to watch on #WorldAIDSDay: 
Could we cure HIV with lasers?  #WorldAIDSDay 
Surprising insights on HIV/AIDS, in stunning data visuals:  #WorldAIDSDay
The magic ingredient that brings @DisneyPixar movies to life:  @dafeinberg 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
"Magic is the only honest profession. A magician promises to deceive you -- and he does." 
The math and magic of origami:  
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
How @YouTube thinks about copyright: 
This is the hidden secret to understanding the world:  @rantonse 
Maps that show us who we are (not just where we are):  @dannydorling 
Bugs have more interesting sex than we do: 
These maps show the way we really live:  @dannydorling 
Here's how to approach disconcerting moments with grace and fortitude: 
How losing my hearing turned me into a designer: 
A bitingly funny look at how suburbia makes us miserable:  
"With the right design, sustainability is nothing but the rigorous use of common sense." 
"You need to find the right question. There is nothing worse than answering the wrong question well." 
"How do you turn a park into a place where people want to be? You tap into your humanity." 
"The extent to which you have a design style is the extent to which you have not solved the design problem." 
5 #TEDTalks to kickstart your creativity: 
"#BlackLivesMatter offers a new vision for young black girls around the world that we deserve to be fought for."  
We can grow our own clothes. Here's how: 
5 ways to build a beautiful city: 
What will the future look like? A mind-blowing sneak peek:  
8 must-read books about business: 
"We have to stop treating leaders like superheroes. We are ordinary people attempting to do extraordinary things." 
"Get involved; don't sit on your couch and tell people what you think they should be doing. Go do it with us." #BLM 
"#BLM is our call to action. It is a tool to reimagine a world where black people are free to exist, free to live." 
"It's easy to be a leader when everybody likes you. It's hard to be a leader when you have to make hard choices." 
"Becoming an effective altruist gives you meaning and fulfillment." #GivingTuesday 
An interview with the founders of #BlackLivesMatter:  
The way we think about charity is dead wrong:  #GivingTuesday @danpallotta
This absurdly popular television program is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry: 
"Life is best when it's a bit strange." 
"What we see, we can be. So screw fear and challenges. It matters that women run." @HallaTomas 
Running for president while female:  @HallaTomas 
Scared to speak up? Here’s how to advocate for yourself, at work and in life:  @AdamGalinsky
Learn how to assert yourself and navigate tricky social situations:  @AdamGalinsky
What if you could capture more than one moment in a photograph?  
Everything you ever wanted to know about string theory: 
10 photographs of LGBTQ life around the world:  
"Wouldn't it be great if just one politician said, 'My opponent has a point. Let's see if we can't work together.'" 
8 TED Talks to help you understand social justice:  
"History's what I call the Mount Rushmore model. It looks majestic, but the women have been entirely left out." 
"Where is that cow GOING?" The pressing cliffhangers of slow TV: 
Math is the hidden secret to understanding the world:  @rantonse 
The inconvenient truth about love — and divorce:  
"Divorce is intrinsically hard, but our cultural beliefs and attitudes make it even harder than it needs to be." 
"It is not reasonable to expect people to marry for love yet not to divorce for lack of love." 
Here's your social justice starter pack:   
We need nuclear power to solve climate change:  
How to speak up with confidence:  @AdamGalinsky
"If women are not at the table, do not be surprised if the female perspective is overlooked." @sanditoksvig 
"In an age of constant movement, nothing is so urgent as sitting still." 
The deadly mainstreaming of anti-Muslim hatred:  @sbarakat210
"Only through thoughtful dialogue about history and race can we evolve as individuals and society."  @sanfordbiggers
How the blockchain will change the way we exchange value:  @BWarburg
Why genetic research must be more diverse:  @KeoluFox
"Huge areas of ice are breaking off from Antarctica the size of small nations." 
Why every office should scrap its clean desk policy:  @TimHarford 
"What you would do if you were told your job is to save the planet?" Inside the Paris climate agreement: 
How to avoid surveillance… with the phone in your pocket:  @csoghoian
Hunting for Peru's lost civilizations — with satellites:  @indyfromspace 
Why we should treat violence like a contagious disease: 
"North America does not need more walls; it needs more connections."  @paragkhanna
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
Treat yourself to a night at the jazz club: 
How to talk about climate change with skeptics: 
How racism and sexism overlap to create multiple levels of injustice:  @sandylocks
"We're creating this incredibly rich digital archive that's going to live in the cloud years after we're gone." 
"Sometimes shifting your perspective is more powerful than being smart."  @astroteller
"Our communities are so unique and beautiful. They demand us to find ways to be acknowledged and respected." 
“If the song of my heart ceases to play, can I survive in the silence?" @shondarhimes 
"Impossible is not a fact, it's an attitude. It's only an attitude."  @CFigueres
"Mars is the kind of place where you can jump over your car instead of walk around it." 
"The world is going to need all of the different kinds of minds to work together." - @DrTempleGrandin 
"Home has less to do with a piece of soil than, you could say, with a piece of soul." 
"In an age of distraction, nothing is so luxurious as paying attention." 
"Art cannot change the future, but it can touch the present." 
"80 to 90 percent of the marine debris we're finding in the ocean is plastic." 
"In a piece of music, it's the pause or the rest that gives the piece its beauty and its shape." 
A captivating story can change the way we see the world. These talks explore how: 
"Humans will survive no matter what happens on Earth. We will never be the last of our kind." 
“If anything kills 10M people in the coming decades, it probably won’t be a missile—it will be a microbe." 
7 TED Talks on humanity’s relationship with water:  
10 TED Talks on how we're exploring outer space: 
"What you imagine, sitting in your office, are not how you find them when you actually go out into the world." 
Impress your coworkers with your deep understanding of string theory: 
"If I really want to change my life, I might best begin by changing my mind." 
"Equations and symbols aren't just things. They're a voice that speaks out about the incredible richness of nature." 
"The world I believe in is one where we're measured by our ability to overcome adversities, not avoid them." 
"How is it that we allow the majority of people on the planet to do work that is meaningless and soul-deadening?" 
10 TED Talks to help you survive the apocalypse:  
How to unlock your family history:  
"What the FBI is essentially asking is that the company insert itself into everyone’s lives." 
"We have an oversimplified and increasingly outmoded view of the biological basis of psychiatric disorders." 
The art of slowing down and finding peace: 
"Aging is the upward ascension of the human spirit, bringing us into wisdom, wholeness and authenticity." 
"We want to be the only political party in the world whose main aim was to no longer need to exist." @sanditoksvig 
"A new era is coming. Higher education is becoming a basic right, affordable and accessible for all." 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
"We all agree that bigotry is unacceptable, but when we see it, we're silent, because it makes us uncomfortable." 
"Sometimes making a living and making a life point in opposite directions." 
Here's how to approach disconcerting moments with grace and fortitude: 
"Great dreams aren't just visions. They're visions coupled to strategies for making them real." @astroteller 
"Humor is such a powerful game-changer." 
11 must-see #TEDTalks:  
10 #TEDTalks to help you speak powerfully: 
"Comment-thread bullying will never end if the bullies can’t see the large united front who rejects their behavior." 
"Spoken word poetry cracks open locks." — @kaysarahsera 
"Home is not just the place where you happen to be born. It's the place where you become yourself." 
"I had to find a way to make sure that my creativity survived my own success." 
"Until we have data to rule it out, intelligent life remains a possibility." 
"There's a very thin dividing line between success and failure." - @richardbranson 
Are you prepared for the end of the world?  
5 questions to help you get to know your family better: 
"23% of new working mothers in America will be back on the job within two weeks of giving birth." 
"If we're trying to develop therapies for prevention, maybe we should be studying those who don't get sick." 
Everything you ever wanted to know about string theory: 
"Gradually, my awareness started to return. But no one realized that I had come back to life." 
Explore your family history with these thoughtful conversation starters:  
"History's what I call the Mount Rushmore model. It looks majestic, but the women have been entirely left out." 
"Wouldn't it be great if just one politician said, 'My opponent has a point. Let's see if we can't work together.'" 
This fascinating experiment discovered the most productive and inspiring office setup: 
8 TED Talks to watch when you're just done with Earth:  
12 TED Talks full of fascinating history:  
The string theory explainer you've been waiting for: 
8 TED Talks for jazz lovers:  
10 questions to ask your family at the dinner table:  #Thanksgiving
Is your family driving you nuts? Escape with these talks: 
"Private companies are leaping into space and they will be happy to take you to Mars." 
These 10 TED Talks explore how we study space:  
11 TED Talks by brilliant #WomenInSTEM: 
7 TED Talks to help you give thanks: 
"Language is about being able to see beyond cultural boundaries and find a shared humanity." 
"If women are not at the table, do not be surprised if the female perspective is overlooked." @sanditoksvig 
7 TED Talks to get you ready for Thanksgiving: 
A sobering reminder of what it takes to stand up to hatred: 
How to speak up with confidence:  @AdamGalinsky
10 questions to ask your family at the dinner table:  #Thanksgiving
Scared to speak up? Here’s how to advocate for yourself, at work and in life:  @AdamGalinsky
Never-before-seen photos of the #NoDAPL protests:  @CamilleSeaman 
Learn how to assert yourself and navigate tricky social situations:  @AdamGalinsky
The "Strandbeests" are coming.  
5 TED Talks to watch when your beliefs are being challenged:  
“There was a white high school nearby. The morning we were supposed to go, a cross was burned on the school lawn.” 
"If you’re willing to die for someone, it’s clearly a form of love, and it’s the core reason that men miss war." 
8 TED Talks for the thoughtful traveler:  
7 #TEDTalks about how to grow your own stuff:  
"Almost everyone wants more from work than just a paycheck." 
"Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure." 
"I am not a visionary. I do not have a five-year plan, I don’t have a moon shot. I’m an engineer." — Linus Torvalds 
"Do we actually have the moral right to take over another planet?" 
"No matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal." 
Why we must evolve the human body:  @EvolvingJuan
5 TED Talks to help you let go of regret: 
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  
"If you tell people you're depressed, everyone runs the other way." Let's end the stigma. 
8 TED Talks to help you practice patience:  
5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
What will humans look like in 100 years?  @EvolvingJuan 
"If a little boy leads, there's no negative word for it; it's expected. But if a little girl leads, she's bossy." 
"The stark reality hit me that I was going to spend the rest of my life locked inside myself, totally alone." 
5 #TEDTalks full of weird facts about sex:  
"Solitude matters -- for some people it is the air that they breathe." 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
These talks can help you fine-tune your composure in the face of frustration: 
"One of the problems with school math is it doesn't look at how math is embedded in the world we live in." 
"My personality was entombed within a seemingly silent body, a vibrant mind hidden in plain sight." 
"I teach high school math. I sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it." 
"Fear is the oldest, deepest and least subtle part of our emotional life, and so therefore it’s boring." @GilbertLiz 
Waiting is the worst. These talks will help: 
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and trust." 
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
10 TED Talks to watch when you've just finished a good book:  
"We cannot bear a pointless torment, but we can endure great pain if we believe that it's purposeful." 
7 TED Talks on how to be smart about your money:  
"Anyone who is suffering from shame and public humiliation needs to know one thing: You can survive it." 
"Scrappers are propelled by the belief that the only person you have full control over is yourself." 
A clean office doesn't make employees more productive -- but it does make us annoyed and resentful: 
"Apparently trivial freedoms, such as the right to paint your own wall, make people happier and more productive." 
A political party for women's equality:  @sanditoksvig 
Here's why you love that shabby IKEA desk you built with your bare hands: 
Good news in the fight against pancreatic cancer:  @LauraIndolfi 
How to overcome the fears that hold you back: 
"Nowhere is magical unless you can bring the right eyes to it." 
Could big government ever be efficient? This startup proves it can:  @haleyvandyck
Why it's a mistake to keep important information classified: 
How to create more medical breakthroughs? Get everyone on board:  
Your bike helmet won’t save you from a concussion: 
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship:  
The most mysterious star in the universe:  
"Art is our weapon. Culture is a form of resistance." 
"In an age of distraction, nothing is so luxurious as paying attention." 
“Our bodies change our minds, and our minds can change our behavior, and our behavior can change our outcomes.” 
"I am here, exposed, so one day there won't be a need for #TDOR." @GeenaRocero on why she came out: 
"I can no longer live my truth for and by myself. I want to help others live without shame and terror."  #TDOR
This 17-year-old created a new plane airflow system to stop the spread of germs: 
How rebel scientists can make great leaps forward: 
“To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.” 
Why we need to start planning for the next global disease outbreak now: 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
"Our brains evolved for a very different world." Why we make bad decisions: 
"Putting the right tools in the hands of more people could create more scientific discoveries." 
"Sweeping emotions under the rug of PMS keeps women from understanding the source of their negative emotions." 
"We all wind up traveling through life, trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything." 
Why teachers should see "at-risk" students as "at-promise" kids:  @drvictorrios
A cup of tea with Oliver Sacks:  
The art of asking for what you want -- even when it's scary:  @amandapalmer
INFOGRAPHIC: The shocking reality of violence against women 
Why so many efforts to eradicate global poverty fail: 
"We are one of the loneliest societies that has ever been." - @johannhari101 
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
How does your memory work? 7 #TEDTalks explain: 
Do you remember the past correctly? Turns out you probably don't: 
What to do when you face a really tough decision: 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
How a single word can change your conversation: 
Watch CERN physicist Brian Cox’s talk about the power of scientific curiosity:  
How play leads to great inventions:  @stevenbjohnson
Is reality all in your mind? 
Did you know that you're 30 times more likely to laugh if you're with somebody else than if you're alone? 
How to make a choice when you're faced with two equal options: 
3 teens on body image, beauty and bullying: 
"For too long now, children with developmental disorders have suffered from misdiagnosis." 
Communicate more effectively by spotting these speech patterns: 
Math is the hidden secret to understanding the world:  @rantonse 
12 TED Talks on how to end poverty: 
Why all it takes to be more compassionate is the simple act of noticing: 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse:  
The gigantic animal mystifies scientists: 
"Every human being needs to listen consciously in order to live fully." 
@TEDTalks This week we learned that rats are ticklish, which is our new favorite fun fact ever. 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
"Do not think for one minute that because you are who you are, you cannot be who you imagine yourself to be." 
Is there an equation for intelligence? Yes. It’s F = T ∇ Sτ. 
10 things you didn't know about orgasm:  @mary_roach
"These storms swirl and spin and undulate, with their lava lamp-like mammatus clouds. They become lovely monsters." 
Kids are better liars than you think. 
"To be a hero, you have to learn to be a deviant, because you're always going against the conformity of the group." 
Do we always need to have a choice? How that desire goes haywire: 
How money makes you mean: 
"To be a hero, you have to learn to be a deviant, because you're always going against the conformity of the group." 
Are you as obsessed with science as we are? Subscribe to our bi-weekly newsletter for science nerds!  
"FDR ordered all Japanese-Americans on the West Coast to be rounded up with no charges, no trial, no due process." 
How to help kids the education system ignores:  @drvictorrios 
"Our democracy is a people's democracy. It can be as great as people can be, and as fallible as people are." 
Want to recharge your creative spirits? Try this: 
What will it be like to live on Mars? Ask @Petranek your questions, now live on Facebook!  
"Due process is a core pillar of our justice system. That all disappeared. We were to be rounded up." @GeorgeTakei 
When @GeorgeTakei was 5 years old, he was taken to a Japanese internment camp. Hear his powerful story: 
"American democracy is vitally dependent on good people who cherish the ideals of our system." 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you feel totally burned out: 
"I wouldn't trade my autism and my imagination for the world." How autism freed me to be myself: 
It's better to rip the BandAid, and other beliefs that we actually have backward: 
"The best time to work on your marriage is before you have one." 
“Even people raised on hate can make a choice about who they want to be.”  @ZakEbrahim
What is happiness, and how can we all get some? 
"Stress gives us access to our hearts." The surprising benefits of stress: 
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
3 popular theories about why we sleep: 
How to reach a true sense of serenity and fulfillment: 
"We need to think about how to design social media experiences that promote civility and reward thoughtfulness." 
A clever, easy way to turn family chaos into peace and calm: 
Surprising advice for anyone who wants to change the world for the better: 
"The harmful effects of stress on your health are not inevitable -- how you think can transform stress." 
“Time disappears. You forget yourself. You feel part of something larger.” Is this the secret to happiness? 
Your kid's a liar -- and that’s a good thing: 
Why we should celebrate when kids start to lie: 
This is what happens inside your body when you laugh: 
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
How cults hook people in with easy answers to complex questions: 
Can you spot a fake laugh? You might be surprised: 
10 myths about psychology, debunked: 
This woman wrote beautiful letters to strangers to fight her depression: 
"Forgiveness is not about condoning violence or renouncing justice. It’s setting yourself free from anger." 
7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health: 
How David Blaine held his breath for 17 minutes: 
"The opposite of addiction is not sobriety. The opposite of addiction is connection." — @johannhari101 
4 simple tips to help you achieve big goals:  
"Trust requires an intelligent judgement." How to be smart about who you trust: 
Great advice for all the 20-somethings in your life: 
"I have loved and been loved. I have been given much and I have given something in return." — Oliver Sacks 
Portraits of the protesters fighting the #DakotaAccessPipeline:  @CamilleSeaman 
How you talk about yourself can predict mental illness:  @mariuchu
“If I was stranded on an island and the only way to get off was to make a pretty UI, I'd die there.” 
"This machine would be capable of waging war, whether terrestrial or cyber, with unprecedented power." @SamHarrisOrg 
"Feminism, as the last few months have shown, is a process — not a history lesson." @SamanthaNutt  
Awesome ways we use lasers to fight HIV ... and even edit memory: 
How the blockchain will radically transform the economy:  @BWarburg 
14 #TEDTalks on the dark side of data: 
Need a break? Listen to @TEDFellow and cellist @joshua_cello play all six Bach Suites, now on Facebook Live: 
"Artificial intelligence does not give us a 'Get out of ethics free' card." @zeynep 
Money is going digital -- for better or worse:  @neha
"We have to bear witness to the everyday violence and humiliation that many black women have to face." #SayHerName 
Why we need gender-neutral bathrooms:  #TransWeek
"The time now is to move from mourning and grief to action and transformation." @sandylocks 
Michelle Cusseaux. Tanisha Anderson. Aura Rosser. Meagan Hockaday. #SayHerName. 
"The struggle for women’s equality must continue. We still have a long way to go." @SamanthaNutt 
Why alone time is an important part of a healthy relationship: 
Why you should take the time to find out a trans person’s preferred pronoun:  #TransWeek
"Gender has always been considered a fact. We now know it's more fluid, complex, and mysterious."  #TransWeek
Everyday cybercrime -- and what you can do about it: 
How computers are learning to be creative:  @blaiseaguera 
Will the next generation of coaches be computers? 
How to hack online dating: 
"Everything we blog, everything tweet, and everything we click is a public act of making media." 
Social media can start a revolution -- but real change is harder: 
If you drive a car, you'll want to watch this talk: 
A failed attempt to unsubscribe... and the 21,439 emails that followed:  @veitchtweets
Why we must #SayHerName: 
Our faster connections are actually leading to slower, more intimate relationships:  @DrHelenFisher
The deadly mainstreaming of anti-Muslim hatred:  @sbarakat210
Gene editing can now change an entire species — forever:  @JenniferMKahn 
My hopes, dreams, fears for my future black son:  A powerful letter by poet @ClintSmithIII.
An unlikely hero for women in business shares how she rose to the top: 
"Design can overcome our most deeply rooted stranger-danger bias."  @jgebbia @Airbnb
What @Uber’s vision for the future looks like:  @travisk
How we’re working to cure PTSD: 
The dawn of the age of holograms:  @akipman 
"I cannot let my family's deaths be diminished to a segment that is barely discussed on local news."  @sbarakat210
"Your filter bubble is your own personal, unique universe of information that you live in online." @elipariser 
"Modern technology is not going to change who we choose to love." @DrHelenFisher 
"Tech is making a bid to redefine human connection, but it's also giving us the opportunity to affirm our values." 
Street art with a message of hope and peace:  @elseedart 
"I hope that I can break stereotypes we all know with the beauty of Arabic script." — @elseedart 
.@Uber wants to make carpooling cool again:  @travisk
Why political leaders must overcome their fear of risk:  @j_tepperman
We can now change entire species at will. Should we? 
Portraits of #StandingRock:  @CamilleSeaman 
This approach will not just manage PTSD — it could cure it: 
Yes, there’s hope for an end to political polarization in the US:  
Gene drives could eliminate disease -- or destroy everything: 
The heartbreaking reality of Islamophobia:  @sbarakat210
"We really need to make sure that algorithms have encoded in them a sense of civic responsibility." @elipariser 
"What the FBI is essentially asking is that the company insert itself into everyone’s lives." 
"When we raise our collective voices, that is when we stop the hate."  @sbarakat210
The mind behind Linux:  
"The Internet is the most amazing stimulant for post-hoc reasoning and demonization." @JonHaidt 
"We all agree that bigotry is unacceptable, but when we see it, we're silent, because it makes us uncomfortable." 
This tech demo is a true TED classic: 
"Disgust paints the person as subhuman, monstrous, morally deformed. Disgust is like indelible ink." @JonHaidt 
"The Internet is showing us what it thinks we want to see, but not necessarily what we need to see." @elipariser 
The bizarre and convoluted history of bed bugs: 
"When white men commit violence in the US, they're lone wolves, mentally ill or driven by a parking dispute." 
7 TED Talks for your inner activist:  
What you can do to end Islamophobia:  @sbarakat210
"'Thank you for your service' means acknowledging our stories. Asking us who we are."  #VeteransDay
In this art therapy program, veterans create masks to reveal truths about themselves:  #VeteransDay 
"I wanted people to ask about my experiences, and the only question I got was: Did you shoot anybody?"  #VeteransDay
The faces of the Dakota Access Pipeline protest:  @CamilleSeaman 
Thank you for your service. #VeteransDay 
"Are you willing to step into your discomfort and speak up when you witness hateful bigotry?" 
We train soldiers for war. Let's train them to come home, too:  
"These days, it feels like Islamophobia is a socially acceptable form of bigotry."  @sbarakat210 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
10 TED Talks on crushing the patriarchy:  
6 TED Talks celebrate that #LoveIsLove:  
4 #TEDTalks on overcoming depression:  
Adults need recess too: 
This new kind of wireless Internet could get the whole world online: 
5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think: 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you feel totally burned out: 
This new video technology reveals an object's hidden properties, with mindblowing implications: 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
Is your family driving you nuts? Escape with these talks: 
Have you ever wanted to reply to spam email? This guy does it all the time:  
This teen's invention can be a huge help for Alzheimer's patients and their caregivers:  
"Bed bugs evolved to survive on any human blood, and yet they are always thought of as belonging to someone else." 
The faces of #NoDAPL:  @CamilleSeaman 
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
What’s really happening in your brain when you fall in love: 
This engineer built her own physical version of Flappy Bird: 
Easy DIY projects for kid engineers:  
"The human spirit can overcome anything if it has hope." 
How to overcome fear and see life clearly:  @isaaclidsky 
"The greatest hope for humanity lies not in condemning violence, but in making violence obsolete."  @jamilaraqib
ENOUGH. 
Watch these #TEDTalks when it seems like hope is lost: 
"It's time for women to run for office, be it the office of the CEO or the office of the president." @HallaTomas 
"Completion is a goal, but we hope it is never the end." How the near win compels us to keep going: 
"We must move beyond micro-hopes for women, because they have so much greater hopes for themselves." 
How to find peace and quiet in the chaos of daily life:  via @TEDRadioHour
How to move forward after the US election:  @JonHaidt
12 #TEDTalks that will restore your faith in humanity:  
It’s time for women to run -- for CEO and president:  @HallaTomas 
Powerful and practical advice for those who hope to change the world: 
Seriously, just log off the Internet. It's a terrible place. 
The deep, unexamined divide between those who fear globalization and those who embrace it: 
Can a divided America heal?  @JonHaidt
"The only true disability is a crushed spirit; a spirit that's been crushed doesn't have hope." 
7 TED Talks for when you need a reminder that you are not alone: 
"As parents, we try and prepare our kids for every possible future, hoping just one of our efforts will pay off." 
10 TED Talks to watch when every conceivable bad thing has just happened:  
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf
"Your fears distort your reality. Under the warped logic of fear, anything is better than the uncertain." 
Running for president while female:  @HallaTomas 
The unexpected challenges of a country's first election:  
8 TED Talks to watch when you're just done with Earth:  
"Fear is a bad advisor." 
3 ways good design makes you happy: 
Want to be happy? Be grateful: 
"Silence is the residue of fear." 
The more our mind wanders, the less happy we can be: 
Want to be happy? Slow down:  
"How does consuming fear 24 hours a day affect the health of our democracy, the health of our free thought?" 
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
A clever, easy way to turn family chaos into peace and calm: 
"What we see, we can be. So screw fear and challenges. It matters that women run." @HallaTomas 
Why do Americans vote on Tuesdays? The rather perplexing answer:  #ElectionDay
9 #TEDTalks about the importance of self-care:  
How voting rights have changed since the first election in 1789:  via @TED_ED
"I cannot let my family's deaths be diminished to a segment that is barely discussed on local news."  @sbarakat210
What the doughnuts said.  
The deadly mainstreaming of anti-Muslim hatred:  @sbarakat210
5 moral values that shape our political views -- no matter how we vote: 
The heartbreaking reality of Islamophobia:  @sbarakat210
A few lifestyle changes can make a major difference for your brain: 
"When we raise our collective voices, that is when we stop the hate."  @sbarakat210
What does a disgusting image have to do with how you vote? You'd be surprised. 
"We all agree that bigotry is unacceptable, but when we see it, we're silent, because it makes us uncomfortable." 
"When white men commit violence in the US, they're lone wolves, mentally ill or driven by a parking dispute." 
What you can do to end Islamophobia:  @sbarakat210
"Are you willing to step into your discomfort and speak up when you witness hateful bigotry?" 
14 posters that will make you want to go vote:  
The moral roots of liberals and conservatives: 
"These days, it feels like Islamophobia is a socially acceptable form of bigotry."  @sbarakat210 
"People who reported that they were easily disgusted also reported that they were more politically conservative." 
Islamophobia killed my brother. Let's end the hate:  @sbarakat210 
Weird insights about our most easily triggered emotion: disgust. 
"Machine intelligence is here. That means we must hold on ever tighter to human values and human ethics." @zeynep 
Does racism affect how you vote? @NateSilver538 uses stats to uncover a fascinating insight: 
"Demand more. Vote for the prosecutor who's helping people stay out of jail, not putting them in."  @adamjohnfoss
When the rich and powerful are the only ones with access to encryption, it becomes a civil rights issue:  @csoghoian
How to bring more humanity into the workplace:  @timleberecht
Put a sticker on your webcam. Right now. Do it.  @csoghoian @will_potter
The hidden civil rights abuse in smartphones:  @csoghoian
Is your phone under surveillance? There’s one big tell:  @csoghoian
The huge, hidden difference between Android and iPhone:  @csoghoian
What is gerrymandering, and how can it change an election?  via @TED_ED
Immigrants vote. We need them in government too:  @SayuBhojwani
What New York City looked like 400 years ago:  
We can't outsource moral decisions to machines:  @zeynep
How online shaming destroys lives:  @jonronson
"Don't stand by the sidelines when you see someone getting hurt. If someone is being abused, do something." 
How sharing data will help end hunger:  @MallorySoldner
What if you could vote in other countries' elections?  
"We have no way to vote on what happens to the present and future of humanity." 
How to solve problems, from an inventor with 200+ patents:  
The story behind @HallaTomas's rule-breaking campaign for president of Iceland:  
Let's make voting fun again:  @ericpliu 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
4 ways to build a beautiful company:  @timleberecht
It’s time for women to run -- for CEO and president:  @HallaTomas 
"Abuse thrives only in silence. You have the power to end domestic violence simply by shining a spotlight on it." 
"It is profoundly traumatizing to be told by tens of thousands of people that you need to get out." — @jonronson 
Well, this explains a lot. 
Running for president while female:  @HallaTomas 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
Why do Americans vote on Tuesdays? The rather perplexing answer: 
Feel like you need a vacation from Twitter? You're not alone. 
Be a better friend to yourself: 
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
Why we see the world the way we do: 
What are you doing with your life?! 
For everyone who waits until the last minute to get things done: 
Why you should learn to accept compliments: 
Seriously, just log off the Internet. It's a terrible place. 
"There is no such thing as not voting. Not voting is voting, for everything that you may detest and oppose." 
This sh*t makes sense. 
Does anyone know a good place to go hiking? This seems like a good time to go hiking. 
"What we see, we can be. So screw fear and challenges. It matters that women run." @HallaTomas 
"It's time for women to run for office, be it the office of the CEO or the office of the president." @HallaTomas 
Plants are manipulative jerks. 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
Can we build AI without losing control over it?  @SamHarrisOrg 
Learn how to talk to anyone, anywhere: 
ENOUGH. 
"You don’t just 'find' your calling — you have to fight for it." 
Are you terrible at small talk? This radio host has some advice: 
Smart ways to build yourself up: 
@Mo_Rawashdeh ;)
This week on the @TEDRadioHour... Is it time for us to rethink democracy? 
It's time for women to run for office:  @HallaTomas
We're not sure how @AlGore wound up in here either.  
A unique tribute to David Bowie, featuring @AmandaPalmer, @usmanriaz1990, and, uh, @AlGore: 
The inside story of the #ParisAgreement:  @CFigueres 
.@CFigueres didn’t think climate change could be solved. Then she brokered the #ParisAgreement: 
"There’s nothing in the auditory world that is harder for the brain to process than music.” 
Simple ways to raise kids who are creative, confident, and in control of the world around them: 
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
9 clever questions to start a better conversation: 
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
"With every click, we make a choice. The more we saturate our culture with public shaming, the more accepted it is." 
The election is stressing us out, so we're asking psychologist @GuyWinch our Qs about election-related anxiety: 
Are you freaking out about the election? Yeah, us too. We're live on Facebook now with @GuyWinch discussing anxiety: 
.@CamilleSeaman has been at Standing Rock for the past month. Join her on Facebook Live as she discusses #NoDAPL: 
What #Brexit reveals about politics today:  @alexander_betts
4 ways to build a human company in the age of machines:  @timleberecht 
Can’t win ‘em all.  
"Why did I stay? The answer is easy. I didn't know he was abusing me." 
"Anyone who is suffering from shame and public humiliation needs to know one thing: You can survive it." 
"We were so busy talking about virtue, and we did not give ourselves a chance to develop a virtuous character." 
"We need to accept that bringing computation to messy, value-laden human affairs does not bring objectivity." 
How we can use data to solve global problems:  @MallorySoldner
8 TED Talks about how the medicines we depend on are made: 
Merry, pretzel and bra are all the same word. Sort of. 
"We all tell ourselves the version of the story that we can best live with." 
Ever felt pain that won't go away? Here's how it works: 
"Wise people know when and how to bend the rules. Wise people know how to improvise." 
These notepads have a provocative secret: 
Helpful advice from a professional comment moderator: 
The bizarre story of how #Movember came to be: 
How to make stress your friend:  #NationalStressAwarenessDay
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed:  via @TED_ED #NationalStressAwarenessDay
How to stay calm when you know you'll be stressed:   #NationalStressAwarenessDay
Want to handle stress better? Here's how:  #NationalStressAwarenessDay 
The spooky science behind quantum biology: 
How quantum biology might explain life’s biggest questions:  
3 mind-bending ways quantum biology might explain everything:  @jimalkhalili
Your company's data could end world hunger:  @MallorySoldner 
"People who are drawn to these extremisms are not that different from everyone else. But such people can change." 
How to talk about politics constructively:  
3 moments humanity teetered on the edge -- and how we survived:  @indyfromspace
A blistering look at the "achievement gap" in US schools: 
"I endlessly told others to accept the truth, but I failed to give doubt its rightful place." @manwarali 
Inside the mind of a former radical jihadist:  @manwarali 
"Fat bodies are inherently political, and unapologetic fat bodies can blow people's minds." 
"The influencers of an organization are the network nodes: the people who often intersect with the most people." 
"Loneliness distorts our perceptions, making us believe the people around us care much less than they actually do." 
The problem with our fear of fat: 
Smart ways to discuss politics without getting in a fight: 
What the ancient past can teach us about the chaos of 2016:  @indyfromspace 
Education is still separate and unequal: 
"We became complicit in causing further misery for the selfish benefit of the cruel few." 
"Learn to develop or cultivate your hearts to see goodness, beauty and truth in others and in the world." @manwarali 
"Let go of anger and violence. Learn to right wrongs without even attempting to justify cruel, unjust behavior." 
"Only foolish preachers like I used to be see no paradox in the myths and fictions they use to assert authenticity."  
The forgotten children in America’s public schools: 
“I don’t know if protest leads to change, but protest helps us have the conversation.” @HallaTomas on Iceland's gender pay gap protest. 
"It's simple: it's your body, and you decide what's best to do with it." 
Your smartphone is a civil rights issue:  @csoghoian 
How America's public schools keep kids in poverty:  
7 simple leadership lessons from music: 
Skyscrapers — but no sewage system. Meet a city run by private industry:  
How to react to a bully in a comment thread:  
Tech to keep expecting mothers healthy -- and comfortable: 
Let’s take the time to listen to assault survivors instead of simply creating noise:  #NotOkay
A dance in a hurricane of paper, wind and light:  
How I turned a deadly plant into a thriving business:  
The fascinating brains of selfless people:  @aa_marsh
“It might make us feel better to contribute to group mourning or outrage, but it won’t actually change anything.” 
An unlikely hero for women in business shares how she rose to the top: 
We've stopped trusting institutions and started trusting strangers:  @rachelbotsman 
"I define trust as a confident relationship to the unknown." @rachelbotsman 
The US government ignored civilians killed in the Iraq War. This artist made them face the truth:  @mattckenyon
"Architecture is about those visceral, emotional connections that we feel to the places we occupy." @marchitizer 
That crazy, sci-fi future you imagine? It’s here. 
How sound designers trick our brains: 
What if you could take a test to find out how imaginative you are? 

How losing her mother helped this artist embrace imperfection:  @alyssamonks
"This machine would be capable of waging war, whether terrestrial or cyber, with unprecedented power." @SamHarrisOrg 
"Artificial intelligence does not give us a 'Get out of ethics free' card." @zeynep 
"We have to be prepared to change our minds." 
"It is not enough just to battle terrorism. We must also challenge fundamentalism." 
14 #TEDTalks on the dark side of data: 
"Structural racism is baked into America’s national psyche and behavior."  @RichBenjaminUSA
The magic of talking to strangers:  @kiostark
Money is going digital -- for better or worse:  @neha
7 young inventors who are changing how we stay healthy:  
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you have no idea what's going on in the world:  
5 #TEDTalks about the genius of babies:  
How technology is changing money:  @neha
Having a quarter-life crisis? These talks will get you through: 
7 #TEDTalks on what makes businesses work:  
Get what you deserve. 
The secret to giving a great TED Talk:  @TEDchris 
Why are thousands of rape kits destroyed? 
The secrets of movie sound effects: 
"Companies don't have ideas. Only people do." 
11 TED Talks by people with jobs you never knew existed:  
Why you should talk to strangers:  @kiostark 
“A person who feels that they’ve been heard will relax, let their guard down." 
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
10 #TEDTalks on why we do the things we do:  
The future of money:  @neha 
The surprising value of conflict at the office: 
"We have to make sure that every school that serves children in poverty is a real school." 
"The buildings of tomorrow are going to look a lot different than the buildings of today." 
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
Fireflies are public health champions: 
"Fat bodies are inherently political, and unapologetic fat bodies can blow people's minds." 
Why it’s so tempting to shut people out:  
How to talk to parents who fear vaccines: 
How smell shapes our perception of the world around us:  
What does your online behavior say about you? More than you think: 
Everything you hear on film is a lie: 
Networking doesn’t have to be awkward. How to turn small talk into meaningful discussions: 
"It's simple: it's your body, and you decide what's best to do with it." 
The problem with our fear of fat: 
A mischievous update on an American folk classic:  @RhiannonGiddens @silkroadproject
@chantispeaks @patmitchell We're so glad you enjoyed it!! Hope you'll come back again next year :)
11 TED Talks on how we can redesign humans: 
That's a wrap! We can't wait to share the talks with you online... coming soon! #TEDWomen 
"Leadership is about being open-minded. It’s about getting up every time you fall down. It’s about resiliency." @alananichols21 #TEDWomen
"Despite its failings, religion can and must be a force for good in the world." @SharonBrous #TEDWomen
"Hope is not naive. Hope may be the greatest single act of defiance against a politics of pessimism and despair." @SharonBrous #TEDWomen
"Know your power. Be sure of your convictions and act upon them." @NancyPelosi's advice to women leaders  #TEDWomen
"Screw fear and challenges. It's time for women to run for office, be it the office of CEO or President." @hallatomas #TEDWomen
"We have both conscious and unconscious bias. We need to have the courage to talk about it if we want to change." @hallatomas #TEDWomen
"Girls' early sexual experience shouldn’t be something they have to get over." @peggyorenstein #TEDWomen
"While young women may feel entitled to engage in sexual behavior, they don’t feel entitled to enjoy it." @peggyorenstein #TEDWomen
"Are human beings a keystone species? The answer is no. If we were to disappear tonight, nothing would miss us." Ian McCallum #TEDWomen
"These days, it feels like Islamophobia is a socially acceptable form of bigotry." @sbarakat210 #TEDWomen
"We’ve all become so numb to the hatred that we couldn't have ever imagined it turning into fatal violence." @sbarakat210 #TEDWomen
“If we can be brave enough to face the possibility of death, we gain an unparalleled kind of wisdom.” Kathy Hull #TEDWomen
"We must look past the surface and be confronted by the truth that none of us is what you can see." @FollowMicheleL #TEDWomen
“Asking for help is a strength, not a weakness." @FollowMicheleL #TEDWomen
“Online violence is an extension of in-person violence." @AshleyJudd #TEDWomen
"I actually pay someone to scrub my social media feeds, attempting to spare my brain the trauma of hate speech." @AshleyJudd #TEDWomen
"Online misogyny is a global gender rights tragedy, and it is imperative that it ends." @AshleyJudd #TEDWomen
"If we want to bury the patriarchy, we need to make a case that the success of women isn't at the expense of men." @MyersBizNet #TEDWomen
"Stories are beginning to replace the news. Emotions rule." @sisonkemsimang on the decline of factual discourse. #TEDWomen
"Listening is an important but insufficient step toward social action." @sisonkemsimang #TEDWomen
"We have to stop cautioning our girls. What you’re telling her is she’s not good enough, and she should be afraid." @carowriter #TEDWomen
"Bravery is learned, and like anything learned, it just needs to be practiced." @carowriter #TEDWomen
"We are raising our girls to be timid, even helpless, and it begins when we caution them against physical risk." @carowriter #TEDWomen
"If we want to see more films by, for and about women, we have to support them." @MDSCInitiative #TEDWomen
Women buy 50% of movie tickets in the US, but the film industry doesn’t see women as a lucrative target audience. @MDSCInitiative #TEDWomen
"Wouldn’t it be wonderful if a politician said, 'My opponent has a point. Let’s work together &amp; get the job done.'" @sanditoksvig #TEDWomen
"The one place that women and men are absolutely equal is at the ballot box." @sanditoksvig #TEDWomen
"History is what I call the Mount Rushmore model: It looks majestic, but women have been entirely left out." @sanditoksvig #TEDWomen
"Instead of seeing being difficult as something to overcome, I embrace it as the secret sauce of kickass women." @cnicolemason #TEDWomen
"We have to do more than #SayHerName. We have to bear witness to the everyday violence that black women face.* @sandylocks #TEDWomen
"Even the threat of discrimination can have a negative impact on your health." @miriamzperez #TEDWomen
"People who experience more discrimination are more likely to have poor health." @miriamzperez #TEDWomen
"We have to stop treating leaders like superheroes. We are ordinary people attempting to do extraordinary things." @aliciagarza #TEDWomen
“In the US, we often start with trickle down justice. But it doesn’t work. We have to address problems at the root.” @aliciagarza #TEDWomen
10 TED Talks on crushing the patriarchy:  #TEDWomen 
@matageli We have a reflection room that has a counselor in it. Second floor in simulcast space. And it probably has Kleenex too :)
"Only one thing could have stopped me from being raped. It wasn’t my skirt or my smile. It was the man who raped me." @thordiselva #TEDWomen
"Too often, the blame for sexual violence is attributed to the women who experience it, not to the men who enact it." Tom Stranger #TEDWomen
“How can we understand what produces violence if we refuse to recognize the humanity of those who commit it?" @thordiselva #TEDWomen
@EmilyLindin @themrmilan @KimKatrinMilan 100% agree. We were all crying backstage.
"People think of forgiveness as an all-or-nothing proposition. This makes it hard to do, and impossible to start." @JessRPosner #TEDWomen
"Being queer and trans means loving people as they are, not as they’re supposed to be." @themrmilan #TEDWomen
"We need to treat people the way that they want to be treated, which means we have to ask." @KimKatrinMilan #TEDWomen
"We know more about coffee, wine, and tomatoes" than we do about breast milk. @Mammals_Suck #TEDWomen
@alanna_shaikh We're so glad you're enjoying it! This is one of our favorite talks as well.
"This idea that black people have had no impact on history is one of the foundational ideas of white supremacy.” @ProfessorCrunk #TEDWomen
It's time for #TEDWomen! 
7 TED Talks to help you give thanks: 
Short on time? These talks are 3 minutes or less: 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
5 #TEDTalks that celebrate lifelong learning:  
7 books to read when you want to challenge yourself: 
5 #TEDTalks to watch when you want to let go of regret:  
We're so excited to be back in San Francisco for #TEDWomen! Check out our incredible lineup of speakers:  
9 TED Talks to make you feel like a kid again: 
Follow us on @Snapchat for an exclusive, behind-the-scenes look at #TEDWomen! 
12 TED Talks for people who love words:  
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
5 words that definitely don’t mean what they used to mean:  @JohnHMcWhorter 
How loss helped one artist find beauty in imperfection:  @alyssamonks 
"The food industry has long used fireflies’ light reaction to detect good food gone bad." 
We need to stop gendering books for kids:  @carowriter
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
How to gracefully end any conversation: 
A strong case for throwing out the pecking order at work: 
5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
This is how our bodies betray us in a lie:  
10 research tips for finding answers online: 
"We humans can benefit greatly from evolution’s natural inventiveness." 
We're backstage at #TEDWomen speaker rehearsals! We can't wait to share these wonderful talks with you. 
TED's secret to great public speaking: 
5 books to read when you need help ignoring everyone:  
"We touch every nation. Every nation touches us. We are a nation of immigrants." 
How US leadership must adapt to a global world:  @ianbremmer
Afraid of public speaking? Start here: 
Expert tips to help you become a great public speaker: 
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
These great books offer a blueprint for bold leadership: 
It's that time of year. Here are 5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
The rise of Donald Trump isn't surprising. Here's why:  @NickHanauer
When your boss tells you to stop chatting and get to work, show them this talk: 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
This is what teens really want to know about sex:  
Sex ed for adults in 7 #TEDTalks:  
How a great conversation is like a game of catch:  
"Architects know how to make buildings greener, smarter, friendlier. We've just been waiting for you to want them." 
"Divorce is intrinsically hard, but our cultural beliefs and attitudes make it even harder than it needs to be." 
Are we raising our boys to lack empathy? 
Learn to be a great public speaker: 
What you need to know before the AI robot uprising:  
Get that paper. 
The secret ingredient that makes some teams better than others:  
What a driverless world looks like:  
How we could finally get rid of traffic in cities: 
“If the song of my heart ceases to play, can I survive in the silence?" @shondarhimes 
"We were so busy talking about virtue, and we did not give ourselves a chance to develop a virtuous character." 
"We need to accept that bringing computation to messy, value-laden human affairs does not bring objectivity." 
The link between unemployment and terrorism: 
How tech builds trust between strangers:  @rachelbotsman
This model offers a sobering look at the cost of a beauty-driven society:  @CameronCRussell
Ballroom dance for women who want to lead: 
Is it better to use paper or plastic? The truth about common environmental myths: 
This temporary tattoo helps women have healthy pregnancies:  
The side of terrorism that doesn't make headlines: 
"People will follow you if they come to believe that you are about something greater than yourself." 
Your surroundings have a greater influence than you might think:  
Pet dinosaurs. Maybe. 
A musical escape into a world of light and color:  @KakiKing 
Let's dance. 
The challenge of creating a new democracy: 
"Sleep may actually be a kind of elegant design solution to some of the brain's most basic needs." 
Watch a gorgeous timelapse video of flowers blooming:  
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
"People who are drawn to these extremisms are not that different from everyone else. But such people can change." 
"Great dreams aren't just visions. They're visions coupled to strategies for making them real." @astroteller 
Is it time to bring back long-lost species? 
Jurassic Park isn't science fiction anymore. 
Asteroid? Epidemic? Reversal of the magnetic field? All possible. 
"The FBI is responsible for more terrorism plots in the United States than any other organization." 
Why work doesn't happen at work:  @jasonfried 
"The gray areas are where you find the complexity, the humanity, and the truth." 
"I endlessly told others to accept the truth, but I failed to give doubt its rightful place." @manwarali 
A radical vision for work that doesn't control your life: 
How flowers cleverly deceive pollinators:  
4 truths about parenting that no one wants to admit: 
"I can no longer live my truth for and by myself. I want to help others live without shame and terror." @GeenaRocero 
"23% of new working mothers in America will be back on the job within two weeks of giving birth." 
The beautiful tricks of flowers:  
How to create an organization where people feel comfortable working on big, risky projects: 
5 #TEDTalks on the truth about lying: 
What great leadership and music have in common:  
We don't trust institutions... and yet we get into cars with strangers all the time. Here's how trust is changing: 
8 TED Talks on how architecture affects your emotions: 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
"Today, I'm dressed in C major." How @NeilHarbisson listens to color:  
"Mayors are pragmatists. Their job is to get things done, and if they don't, they're out of a job." 
8 perfectly legal ways criminals hide money: 
You’ll want to wash your hands for hours after watching this animation of how a sneeze travels inside a plane cabin: 
It's time for men to follow on the dance floor. 
The unexpected challenges of a country's first election:  
"Education is what people do to you, and learning is what you do to yourself." 
"Color blindness is very dangerous because it means we're avoiding the problem." 
Every leader wants to inspire and move people like great music does: 
"Learn to develop or cultivate your hearts to see goodness, beauty and truth in others and in the world." @manwarali 
Why dirty money is far too easy to hide:  
If anyone stands to benefit from a sensible workday, it’s employers: 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
Poets are more likely to associate numbers with colors, and other strange facts about your brain: 
"Let go of anger and violence. Learn to right wrongs without even attempting to justify cruel, unjust behavior." 
"We became complicit in causing further misery for the selfish benefit of the cruel few." 
"Only foolish preachers like I used to be see no paradox in the myths and fictions they use to assert authenticity."  
How great leaders inspire action:  @simonsinek
What their resume won't tell you: 
How to re-launch your career after taking a break from work: 
Inside the mind of a former radical jihadist:  @manwarali 
3 popular theories about why we sleep: 
“If you speak the truth, I will stand with you and so will the world.” 
"Hidden mathematical truths permeate our whole physical world." 
How sleep really does help restore the mind: 
"Capitalism has driven us to the verge of a moral truth, which is the fundamental equality of everyone." 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
"Truth is never binary. Truth is a value. Truth is emotional, it's fluid, and above all, it's human." 
Smart ways to discuss politics without getting in a fight: 
"Machine intelligence is here. That means we must hold on ever tighter to human values and human ethics." @zeynep 
17 must-read books about leadership: 
Why aren't you moving up at work? The career advice you probably didn’t get: 
Don’t have one true calling? That’s a good thing:  @emiliewapnick
How to talk about politics constructively:  #debatenight 
The inconvenient truth about love — and divorce:  
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
"The truth won't set us free until we develop the skills and the moral courage to use it." 
7 simple leadership lessons from music: 
The surprising habits of original thinkers:  @AdamMGrant 
Simple ways to help yourself commit to a goal and stick with it: 
We can't control what our intelligent machines are learning:  @zeynep 
Why grown-ups love coloring books too:  
A new memorial in Alabama will remember the 4,000 African Americans lynched in the American South:  @MASSDesignLab 
Why you should catch up on sleep: 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
How color-coding a tumor can help doctors treat cancer much more effectively: 
"Over and over throughout history, people in power have used fear to silence truth and dissent." 
Skyscrapers — but no sewage system. Meet a city run by private industry:  
Humans come in all shapes, sizes — and colors:  
"Overwork doesn’t just exhaust employees, it can sap a company’s profits and saddle taxpayers with hidden costs." 
"People don’t really listen unless there is an emotional impact that causes them never to forget." 
"Good leaders know how to manage emotions as well as direction." 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
How to gain creative confidence:  
A temporary tattoo that brings hospital care to the home:  
We can fight terror without sacrificing our rights:  @rmack 
Drawings that show the beauty and fragility of Earth:  @ZariaForman 
How personal DNA machines will change our lives: 
How can nature help us solve design problems?  
George Takei shares his experience in a Japanese internment camp -- and explains why he still loves his country: 
"Modern technology is not going to change who we choose to love." @DrHelenFisher 
The myths and realities of gene editing:  @FeyScientist
How to overcome fear and see life clearly:  @isaaclidsky 
"We are going to win this. But it matters a lot how fast we win it." @AlGore on climate change: 
We need freedom of the press and open Internet to fight terror:  @rmack
"What we see is a unique, personal, virtual reality that is masterfully constructed by our brain." @isaaclidsky 
How to use social media to fight injustice:  @ionewells
Immigrants vote. We need them in government too:  @SayuBhojwani
How we talk about sexual assault online:  @ionewells 
"You are the creator of your reality. With that empowerment comes complete responsibility." @isaaclidsky 
What you need to know about CRISPR:  @FeyScientist 
We've stopped trusting institutions and started trusting strangers:  @rachelbotsman 
The power and danger of speaking out on social media:  @ionewells
"Today you can lie on your living room floor, sipping bourbon, and teach yourself any language." @JohnHMcWhorter 
"I am proof that unconditional love and respect can not only save, but can transform lives." 
"Hold yourself accountable for every moment, every thought, every detail." @isaaclidsky 
"Being human is much more important than being fully in the know." @PicoIyer 
The struggles of America's forgotten working class:  @JDVance1 
Why former President Jimmy Carter believes the mistreatment of women is the number one human rights abuse: 
10 real-life love stories that'll grab you by the heart:  
"It's then, when you're lost or uneasy or carried out of yourself, that you find out who you are." @PicoIyer 
How we can start winning the war against cancer:  
The beauty of what we'll never know:  @PicoIyer 
"Knowledge is a priceless gift. But the illusion of knowledge can be more dangerous than ignorance." @PicoIyer 
"We are in the process of building some sort of god. Now is a good time to make sure it's a god we can live with." 
The era of personal DNA testing is here: 
"Let us not forget to think before we speak, just because we might have a screen in front of us." @ionewells 
The many possibilities of home DNA testing: 
9 #TEDTalks about the importance of self-care:  
"I have fought to be in this country and I continue to do so every day." @SayuBhojwani 
How we can help working class kids:  @JDVance1
"My optimism never wavers because I know that there are millions of immigrants just like me. It's our country, too." 
How we're harnessing nature's hidden superpowers: 
How we can help working class kids:  @JDVance1
"Immigrants have the power to change the outcome of elections &amp; to change the face of pale, male, stale leadership." 
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
"'Olé!' to you, just for having the sheer human love and stubbornness to keep showing up." 
From the Charleston to the Dougie:  @CamilleABrown
For veterans with PTSD, art can help heal trauma: 
How immigrant voices make democracy stronger:  @SayuBhojwani 
"Your fears distort your reality. Under the warped logic of fear, anything is better than the uncertain." 
You might not care about gecko feet now, but you'll love them after this talk: 
"If you want to tell someone that you'll love them forever and ever, give them a theorem!" 
Art can heal PTSD's invisible wounds:  
"Your home is whatever in this world you love more than you love yourself."  
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
"A simple mistake can tell me what you're not, or it can remind me of why I should love you." 
"Always be looking for that which you do well and that which you love doing." 
"Thinking that you know your lover or your enemy can be more treacherous than acknowledging you'll never know them." 
"How have we convinced ourselves that there is no moral expertise, that every opinion has to count?" 
Is 'LOL' the beginning of a new language? 
Why you should learn another language:  @JohnHMcWhorter
"If you’re willing to die for someone, it’s clearly a form of love, and it’s the core reason that men miss war." 
"LOL is being used as a marker of empathy. It's a marker of accommodation." 
Want a career you really love? These talks can help you find it: 
Why losing someone you love only makes you want them more: 
Can we build AI without losing control over it?  @SamHarrisOrg 
3 quick and clever poems about odd love: 
4 reasons to learn a new language:  @JohnHMcWhorter
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
"Don't stand by the sidelines when you see someone getting hurt. If someone is being abused, do something." 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
You're not alone. 
Because you deserve a break. 
5 TED Talks on how masculinity is evolving:  
"The worst day of the week for eating disorders: Monday. The worst time of day for substance abuse: 5am." 
Transforming your company? Put employees first: 
How to transform your business (and keep employees happy): 
How to live a “good life” in the 21st century:  @courtwrites
How @_Videre exposes human-rights abuses the world needs to witness ... with the help of a few brave souls: 
Dating sites are not changing love. The only real algorithm is your own brain:  @DrHelenFisher
The approach to medicine that helps us live longer, happier lives:  @IhrigMD
"Today you can lie on your living room floor, sipping bourbon, and teach yourself any language." @JohnHMcWhorter 
The spellbinding art of human anatomy:  @streetanatomy 
These appalling weapons of war are still used by the US:  @LauraBoushnak
"Being human is much more important than being fully in the know." @PicoIyer 
Would you donate a kidney to a stranger?  @aa_marsh
These appalling weapons of war should be banned:  @LauraBoushnak
"The train is already out of the station, and there’s no brake to pull." @SamHarrisOrg 
"Where marriage used to be the beginning of a relationship, now it's the finale." @DrHelenFisher 
"Knowledge is a priceless gift. But the illusion of knowledge can be more dangerous than ignorance." @PicoIyer 
What we can do to die well:  @IhrigMD 
The new American Dream:  @courtwrites 
Let's make voting fun again:  @ericpliu 
Watch biologist Uri Alon's talk about the creativity of scientific research:  
A photographer’s look at the horror of war:  @LauraBoushnak
For veterans with PTSD, art can help heal trauma: 
Art can heal PTSD's invisible wounds:  
The deadly legacy of cluster bombs:  @LauraBoushnak 
What drives people to help others:  @aa_marsh
Remember when voting was fun in America?  @ericpliu
Why you should throw a huge party on election day:  @ericpliu
There is no such thing as "not voting":  @ericpliu
Voting shouldn't be a boring civic duty. Let's make it fun again!  @ericpliu
We should treat people, not symptoms:  @IhrigMD
"There is no such thing as not voting. Not voting is voting, for everything that you may detest and oppose." 
"Thinking that you know your lover or your enemy can be more treacherous than acknowledging you'll never know them." 
How the gains we make in AI could ultimately destroy us:  @SamHarrisOrg 
4 reasons why learning new languages is thrilling:  @JohnHMcWhorter
Why Al Gore is optimistic that we can stop climate change:  
The beauty of what we'll never know:  @PicoIyer 
"It's then, when you're lost or uneasy or carried out of yourself, that you find out who you are." @PicoIyer 
Paid family leave isn't just good for families. It's good for the economy too: 
"How we look, though it is superficial and immutable, has a huge impact on our lives." @CameronCRussell 
7 TED Talks on coming out:  #NationalComingOutDay 
.@CameronCRussell offers a sobering look at what beauty can buy you: 
@CameronCRussell Hi Cameron! We'll definitely include your handle the next time we tweet your wonderful talk. So sorry for the oversight!
Drawings that show the beauty and fragility of Earth:  @ZariaForman 
How to use social media to fight injustice:  @ionewells
Would you be brave enough to leap from the stratosphere? This man was: 
"Tomorrow's future is sitting in our classrooms, and they are our responsibility." @TheLopezEffect 
Does modern life make PTSD worse?  @sebastianjunger
A rare interview with Linus Torvalds, creator of Linux and Git: 
"Women working together -- linked, informed and educated -- can bring peace and prosperity." 
What makes a serial killer tick? A neuroscientist examines the brains of legendary killers: 
"We need to make civics sexy again. As sexy as it was during the American Revolution or the Civil Rights Movement." 
The economic case for paid family leave:  @jessicashortall
The myths and realities of gene editing:  @FeyScientist
The power and danger of speaking out on social media:  @ionewells
A surprising look at PTSD through the eyes of a war journalist:  @sebastianjunger
Let’s take the time to listen to assault survivors instead of simply creating noise:  #NotOkay
Jumpstart your Monday brain with this tricky puzzle:  via @TED_ED
When she was assaulted, @ionewells wrote a letter to her attacker and started a movement to empower other survivors: 
"Let us not forget to think before we speak, just because we might have a screen in front of us." @ionewells 
How we talk about sexual assault online:  @ionewells 
These horrifying stories from new mothers will change how you think about family leave: 
Why online privacy matters — and how to protect yours:  @csoghoian @will_potter 
Seriously, use your vacation days.

"Accept your strengths and your weaknesses, and understand the difference." @isaaclidsky 
"Muslims aren't a tumor in the body of America. We're a vital organ." 
What it's like to be Muslim in America right now:  
8 practical ways to help refugees:  
Refugees have the right to be protected: 
Why Islamophobia makes the world less safe for all of us: 
This dinosaur hunter has a beautiful message about our place in the universe:  @kenlacovara
Telling body language cues to look for at tonight's #debate: 
Why we aren't making vaccines for the world's killer diseases:  @GaviSeth
Why tap dance is still a wonderful art form: 
5 reasons why killer robots are a terrible idea: 
The wonder and humanity of a mural that spans 50 buildings:  @elseedart 
Deep under the Earth's surface, discovering beauty and science:  @Cescosauro 
"If you don't see the struggle that is unique to my human experience because I am gay, you don't see me." 
Beautiful photos of polar ice caps and the furry creatures that live there:  
Get in on this tiny jungle party!  @shubzsharma
"Dance has never had a better friend than technology." How @YouTube is training the best dancers of tomorrow: 
A call for prison reform in spoken word and song:  @johnlegend 
Beautiful, sad gifs show what's happening to the ocean:  
How patients with rare diseases can find a cure:  
"Hold yourself accountable for every moment, every thought, every detail." @isaaclidsky 
"If we continue to ignore or talk down to our fellow citizens, others will hear it and be emboldened."  @will_potter
"Our communities are so unique and beautiful. They demand us to find ways to be acknowledged and respected." 
These families are just like yours, with one important difference:  
4 reasons to learn a new language:  @JohnHMcWhorter
"If you really want to rediscover wonder, you need to step outside of that tiny, terrified space of rightness." 
"Unconscious bias is not the same as conscious discrimination." 
How Adam Driver is changing entertainment for the Armed Forces — and making it more thoughtful: 
4 #TEDTalks on why we need brave journalists: 
"If you really want to rediscover wonder, you need to step outside of that tiny, terrified space of rightness." 
“To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.” 
A fascinating talk on fractals -- beautiful branching patterns found in nature:  
How to protect the civil rights of sexual assault survivors:  
This network connects patients suffering from rare disorders with researchers around the world who can help: 
The unexpected beauty of everyday sounds:  
Why activists and innovators need to be brave, brave, brave: 
"We're never more beautiful than when we're most ugly. That's when we really know what we're made of." 
5 ways to build a beautiful city: 
Why you should learn another language:  @JohnHMcWhorter
Rare footage of incredible, endangered reptiles who need our help:  
These beautiful infographics are changing how we read information: 
6 reasons why it's so important to make your neighborhood beautiful:  
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you need a reminder that life is beautiful: 
"Hope is a beautiful thing in medicine — its most tender center — but it is also the most dangerous." 
"I'm asking you to be color brave, so that every child knows that their dreams are possible." 
This model offers a sobering look at the cost of a beauty-driven society: 
"If nobody told you they loved you today, you remember I do." How one brave principal saved a school: 
4 reasons to learn a new language:  @JohnHMcWhorter
What’s it like to have a song inside your head? A neuroscientist and a songwriter compare notes: 
"Real equality means valuing family just as much as work, and understanding that the two reinforce each other." 
Why city flags may be the worst-designed thing you've never noticed:  @romanmars
Does murder run in families? Lizzie Borden's descendent offers some insight: 
This could help us grow food in a hotter, drier world: 
What steps do you take to protect yourself online? 
"Through that nick of the skin, I could see the birth of a revolution in cancer treatment." 
Why we need a food revolution:  @JamieOliver
Everything you need to know about protecting your privacy online: 
Why Adam Driver brings theater to the military:   
"If we could inject a regard for dignity into our dealings with other countries, it would be a revolution." 
This talk feels like sitting in English class with a wonderful teacher who really loves his subject:  
Will a robot do your job in the future?  @antgoldbloom
"We all have our biases. They are the filters through which we see the world around us." 
"What we see is a unique, personal, virtual reality that is masterfully constructed by our brain." @isaaclidsky 
Smart ways to handle your next heated situation: 
My love letter to cosplay:  @donttrythis #NYCC 
"Every day, when you wake up, you can choose to live with positivity." 
The beauty and imagination of cosplay:  @donttrythis #NYCC
For everyone who waits until the last minute to get things done: 
How to overcome fear and see life clearly:  @isaaclidsky 
Networking doesn’t have to be awkward. How to turn small talk into meaningful discussions: 
Imagine what you could have if you asked for what you want:  
Powerful words on the Syrian refugee crisis from the next UN secretary general, António Guterres: 
The scam of college debt: 
How to fix a conversation that's gone off the rails: 
A hilarious journey through Wikipedia rabbit holes and YouTube binges: 
"Books tell us who we've been, who we are, who we will be." 
A horrible side effect of mass incarceration? We are priming kids for prison: 
"Our economy, our society, we're losing out because we're not raising our girls to be brave."  @reshmasaujani
A clever new way to figure out if people are lying. 
The nerd's guide to learning everything online:  @johngreen #DFTBA 
Are you smarter than a 19th-century 5th grader? Test yourself:  
7 ways to practice emotional first aid:  
Why hearing "you're not there yet" is more helpful than hearing you failed: 
Powerful portraits of ordinary people in the Ukrainian revolution:  
Military life and acting are more similar than you might think:  
Meet the family that has translated 2,000 #TEDTalks: 
A necessary reminder to take care of our minds as well as we take care of our bodies: 
The killer American diet that's sweeping the planet: 
Your phone company knows more about you than your closest friends do: 
How we can start winning the war against cancer:  
"Stop with the labels, because we are not jam jars. We are extraordinary, different, wonderful people." 
Snowden has done great things for privacy rights. It’s time for him to come home.  @trevortimm
Why our burial practices need an eco-friendly update: 
"How do I balance narratives that are wonderful with narratives of wounds and self-loathing?" 
An eco-friendly burial suit made out of...mushrooms. Would you wear it?  
"Wonder is honest, it's completely innocent. It can't be artificially evoked." 
Explore your family history with these thoughtful conversation starters:  
Stunning natural wonders too small for your eyes to see:  
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
"Loneliness distorts our perceptions, making us believe the people around us care much less than they actually do." 
"My optimism never wavers because I know that there are millions of immigrants just like me. It's our country, too." 
Why Obama should pardon Edward Snowden:  @trevortimm 
"I have fought to be in this country and I continue to do so every day." @SayuBhojwani 
How childhood trauma affects your health later on: 
"We will always be one animal wondering about the emotional experience of another animal." 
"Immigrants have the power to change the outcome of elections &amp; to change the face of pale, male, stale leadership." 
Immigrants vote. We need them in government too:  @SayuBhojwani
How immigrant voices make democracy stronger:  @SayuBhojwani 
The coming revolution in how we work: 
A wonderfully tongue-in-cheek look at the cost of online piracy: 
Childhood trauma has a bigger effect on your health than most doctors think: 
"We deal with our mind from morning till evening, and it can be our best friend or our worst enemy." 
The wonderful and terrifying implications of computers that can learn: 
Forget wallet photos. This man carries his friends around in jars (it's not as creepy as it sounds): 
How your friends affect your health and happiness -- for better or for worse: 
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
A clever, easy way to turn family chaos into peace and calm: 
The math and magic of origami:  
Our unhealthy obsession with getting kids into college:  @DeanJulie 
Stuck in an elevator with strangers? Here's what to talk about: 
Want successful kids? Don’t micro-manage them:  @DeanJulie 
This principal believes in the power of her students:  @TheLopezEffect 
What you need to know about CRISPR:  @FeyScientist 
My journey from Marine to actor:  
Plants are manipulative jerks. 
"When I started talking about my abortion 15 years ago, I was told that my voice didn’t matter." 
“The sharing economy is commerce with the promise of human connection. People share a part of themselves.”  @jgebbia
"It can be vulnerable and exhausting to tell our own stories when it feels like nobody cares." — @AspenBaker 
How better tech could protect us from distraction:  @tristanharris 
This man uses telepresence robots to visit museums around the world from his home:  
The essential role of women in nonviolent resistance:  @juliabacha
Turn off the lights and turn the volume up.  @KakiKing 
"Everywhere you see a Like button on the internet, Facebook is watching you."  @csoghoian
How personal DNA machines will change our lives: 
What if you could take a test to find out how imaginative you are? 

Technology hasn’t changed love. Here's why:  @DrHelenFisher
How young Africans found a voice on Twitter:  @SiyandaWrites 
The promising and perilous science of gene editing:  
This engineer, advocate and mother in Abu Dhabi shares thoughtful lessons on success: 
"I'm kind of obsessed with flags." And now you will be too. 
Want to protect your privacy online? Leave your phone outside your bedroom. 
Why it's important to surround yourself with people who challenge you: 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
The surprising reason you're unproductive at work:

To those who feel like they don't belong: there is beauty in being a misfit. 
In the past 40 years, the United States incarceration rate has grown by 700 percent.  
Why are thousands of rape kits destroyed? 
In which we all become vampires. 
We overlook women, and our economy suffers as a result: 
The number of documents they dug through was insane. 
“A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you, and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.”  
A team of journalists exposed the biggest data leak in history. Here's their story. 
"The greatest originals are the ones who fail the most, because they're the ones who try the most." 
Can you guess someone's political party based on their name? Try these fun psych quizzes: 
Not sure what to do with your life? Proof that you'll figure it out: 
"We are one of the loneliest societies that has ever been." 
Why sending every child to preschool will help boost the economy: 
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf
A moving song from women in prison for life: 
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
Well, this explains a lot. 
A new, and totally absurd, theory of the camel:  @latifnasser
Trust us – close your laptop and go outside right now: 
Four techniques to help you make better decisions: 
8 reasons to stop what you're doing and play: 
Video games can actually help you live longer: 
Why we sometimes choose to act out of character: 
The elegance of mathematical randomness: 
Fireflies are public health champions: 
Is reality all in your mind? 
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
10 TED Talks to help you build a rich, spirited company culture: 
Future tech might take pictures of what you're thinking:  @mljmljmlj
"Design can overcome our most deeply rooted stranger-danger bias."  @jgebbia @Airbnb
We can fight terror without sacrificing our rights:  @rmack 
"We don't have to live in a world where 99 percent of rapists get away with it."  @JessicaHLadd
A small country with big ideas to get rid of fossil fuels:  @MonicaArayaTica 
How Facebook designed the "like" button, and why such tiny details matter: 
How new technology helps blind people explore the world:  
Why technology hasn’t really changed love:  @DrHelenFisher
"Disability in our age should not prevent anyone from living meaningful lives." 
How #IfAfricaWasABar brought a continent together:  @SiyandaWrites
“If I was stranded on an island and the only way to get off was to make a pretty UI, I'd die there.” 
How to avoid surveillance… with the phone in your pocket:  @csoghoian
"Objects tell stories." Why great design is more than just a pretty facade: 
The history of African-American social dance:  @CamilleABrown 
"Tomorrow's future is sitting in our classrooms, and they are our responsibility." @TheLopezEffect 
The fascinating brains of selfless people:  @aa_marsh
This food computer could change the way we eat:  @calebgrowsfood
We need freedom of the press and open Internet to fight terror:  @rmack
"Structural racism is baked into America’s national psyche and behavior."  @RichBenjaminUSA
Gun violence is a singularly American problem. But there’s a proven solution:  
How great design uses darkness to balance out the light:  
"I can't promise my child a life without bias, but I promise to bias my child with multiple perspectives." 
How free is our freedom of the press?  @trevortimm
"We are in the process of building some sort of god. Now is a good time to make sure it's a god we can live with." 
Can we build AI without losing control over it?  @SamHarrisOrg 
Why some people are more altruistic than others:  @aa_marsh 
The struggles of America's forgotten working class:  @JDVance1 
Why you should know how much your coworkers get paid:  @davidburkus 
Want a fair office? Make salaries public:  @davidburkus
The many possibilities of home DNA testing: 
The era of personal DNA testing is here: 
How we can help working class kids:  @JDVance1
What drives people to help others:  @aa_marsh
How we can fight terror without destroying democracy:  @rmack
From the Charleston to the Dougie:  @CamilleABrown
Why salaries shouldn’t be secret:  @davidburkus
What can the ancient past teach us about parenting today? An archaeologist explains: 
This inspiring principal opened a school to close a prison:  @TheLopezEffect 
5 modern parenting lessons from the ancient past: 
Do you know how much money your boss makes? Here's why you should ask: 
How we're harnessing nature's hidden superpowers: 
How to create a stronger password so you don't get hacked: 
"By appreciating the darkness when you design the light, you create environments that truly enhance our lives." 
The wisdom of Linus Torvalds:  
Feeling sleepy at work? Why your office might need less light, not more: 
The delightful stories behind some of the most iconic book covers of the last few decades: 
How the mysterious dark net is going mainstream:  @jamiejbartlett 
"We are the new editors. We decide what gets attention based on what we give our attention to." — @sallykohn 
"Livestream can turn cyberspace into a global political arena where everyone might have a voice." 
9 #TEDTalks that prove you already live in the future: 
Great science fiction writers don't just imagine the future, they shape it: 
"Don't stand by the sidelines when you see someone getting hurt. If someone is being abused online, do something." 
“You shouldn’t always listen to people who tell you it won’t work.” @bertrandpiccard on his solar-powered plane: 
Why medicine often has dangerous side effects for women:  @mcgregormd 
These robots come to the rescue after a disaster:  
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." 
What if you could experience the news with your body, not just your mind? 
"Segregation is a form of social engineering." - @RichBenjaminUSA 
The brain-twisting challenge of quantum computing:  
From the Charleston to the Dougie:  @CamilleABrown
This is why we dance:  @CamilleABrown
The history of African-American social dance:  @CamilleABrown 
Get ready for the next big leap in brain power: 
I leapt from the stratosphere. Here's how I did it:  
The future of news will put you right in the story: 
"Our evolved sexuality is in direct conflict with many aspects of the modern world." 
Want a fair office? Make salaries public:  @davidburkus
"We need to see the people who have lived through a particular experience as the expert on their issue." 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
Why gender equality is good for everyone — men included:  
What if you could print your food with customized nutrition? The fascinating future of 3D printing: 
"How we look, though it is superficial and immutable, has a huge impact on our lives." 
"We happen to be expressive all the time, even when we're sitting in front of our devices alone." - @kaliouby 
"It’s time to change course and insist that all sides do more listening to the women who have had abortions." 
Why the first close-up photos of #Pluto prove it really is a planet (probably): 
How Google search results skew your worldview: 
"You can lead a good, ethical life, but some bad phraseology in a tweet can overwhelm it all."  @jonronson
"I am not here to inspire you. I am here to tell you that we have been lied to about disability." 
This is the Amazon's powerful secret: 
How quantum computing works — and why it could change everything: 
"The Web can be used as a colossal, uncontrollable and highly anarchical TV channel." 
How we can help working class kids:  @JDVance1
The struggles of America's forgotten working class:  @JDVance1 
Why it's harmful to be 'color blind' when it comes to race: 
An argument about the death penalty that everyone can agree on: 
The unexpected benefit of celebrating failure:  @astroteller 
We're one step closer to the day when we can communicate with our minds: 
"‘Thank you for your service’ means acknowledging our stories. Asking us who we are." 
"What the FBI is essentially asking is that the company insert itself into everyone’s lives." 
"In the workplace, real equality means valuing family just as much as work." 
How one architect transformed his community:  
A powerful poem about what it feels like to be transgender: 
How @YouTube thinks about copyright: 
Why driverless cars are better at responding to unpredictable events on the road than we are: 
If you could erase bad memories, would you do it? The science of memory manipulation: 
Why salaries shouldn’t be secret:  @davidburkus
How open data is being used to do extraordinary things, beyond what we could have imagined: 
"Stereotypes are holding women back from leadership roles all over the world." A Q&amp;A with Sheryl Sandberg: 
"No one is smarter about the experience of abortion than someone who has actually had one." 
"You need to find the right question. There is nothing worse than answering the wrong question well." 
Have you ever walked into a room and forgotten why you're there? Here's why: 
"It is profoundly traumatizing to be told by tens of thousands of people that you need to get out." — @jonronson 
13 #TEDTalks to help you check your assumptions:  
A bitingly funny look at how suburbia makes us miserable:  
Why are so many powerful women afraid to call themselves feminists? 
8 #TEDTalks to help you understand race in America: 
"With the right design, sustainability is nothing but the rigorous use of common sense." 
"Domestic violence happens to everyone -- all races, all religions, all income and education levels." 
Privacy matters for everyone -- not just people with something to hide. Here's why: 
A new, human approach to treating addiction: 
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
Will the next generation of coaches be computers? 
"How do you turn a park into a place where people want to be? You tap into your humanity." 
"Calling gender violence a women's issue is part of the problem." 
How to hack online dating: 
The story we tell about poverty isn't true:  @miabirdsong 
"Everything we blog, everything tweet, and everything we click is a public act of making media." 
Unforgettable talks about important issues that impact us all: 
"Where you come from now is much less important than where you're going." 
"Growing even some of our own food is one of the best things that we can do for the environment." 
The toxic footprint of our hospitals:  
The extraordinary story of a minister with a radical way to end youth violence: 
"Poetry sews up the wounds of exclusion. It opens doors." 
"The extent to which you have a design style is the extent to which you have not solved the design problem." 
"As a black thinker and writer, I interpret and explain mainstream white America back to itself."  @RichBenjaminUSA
"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
5 #TEDTalks to kickstart your creativity: 
"My parents didn't believe in 'can't.' My father's mantra was, 'You can do it, yes you can can.'" 
This is what happens to someone who gets publicly shamed online: 
Billie Jean King talks about her famous 1973 Battle of the Sexes match against Bobby Riggs: 
Let's get real about poop and pee: 
We can fight terror without sacrificing our rights:  @rmack 
These photos offer a glimpse of life on the road: 
What happens when the media's priority is profit? 
We can grow our own clothes. Here's how: 
A powerful story of what it means to be a true American: 
11 TED Talks by brilliant #WomenInSTEM: 
How solitude can help you have better relationships: 
3 lessons for designing products the whole world uses: 
"Visionaries not only believe that the impossible can be done, but that it must be done." 
"It’s time for us all, men and women alike, to move beyond the cardboard versions of real-life people."  @gaylelemmon
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse:  
"Women are driving the social media revolution." 
This sh*t makes sense. 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
"In private, women say more — a lot more — about their abortions than they do in public." 
6 reasons why it's so important to make your neighborhood beautiful:  
How to read a politician's body language:  
Why teenagers act the way they do: 
"Everywhere I go, I see people who are broke but not broken." 
"Dealing with other people demands a kind of flexibility that no set of rules can encompass." 
The era of personal DNA testing is here: 
"These women showed that warriors come in all shapes and sizes."  
"Your job is not to be perfect. Your job is only to be human." 
This monkey can send a thought straight to another monkey's brain. Seriously. 
"Education is what people do to you, and learning is what you do to yourself." 
An extraordinary story of attempted murder, forgiveness and redemption: 
"Almost 7 in 10 people who are released from prison will be rearrested in a constant cycle of incarceration." 
3 ways good design makes you happy: 
Remember back in the day when you did one thing at a time? You should try that again. 
"People are not where they live, where they sleep, or what their life situation is at any given time." 
The secret to healthier plants and people? Poop. 
4 creative mistakes that led to major inventions: 
The real reason why humans run the world:  
The unbelievable true story of the highest free fall in history: 
"I want to shake your confidence that you know your innermost mind." 
If you drive a car, you'll want to watch this talk: 
The nerdy secret behind the success of original Netflix shows:  @_wernicke
"If a little boy leads, there's no negative word for it; it's expected. But if a little girl leads, she's bossy." 
"Tomorrow's future is sitting in our classrooms, and they are our responsibility." @TheLopezEffect 
"What does it say about our culture that somehow we are surprised by a woman being fierce and feminine?" 
This principal believes in the power of her students:  @TheLopezEffect
This inspiring principal opened a school to close a prison:  @TheLopezEffect 
This is the terrible price of shame: 
When it's actually important to sweat the small stuff: 
"Solitude is where you find yourself so you can reach out to other people and form real attachments." 
Which is more powerful, emotion or reason? 
Clever, simple ways to use technology more effectively: 
This brilliant architect can fix any problem using one simple way of thinking:  
The math behind basketball's wildest moves: 
"#HeForShe is based on a simple idea: that what we share is much more powerful than what divides us." — @e_nyamayaro 
An invitation to men who want a better world for women:  @e_nyamayaro #HeForShe 
"Passion is your greatest love. Passion will help you create the highest expression of your talent." 
Why you shouldn't try to be the perfect lover:  
Which book would you recommend from your country? 
"Perfection is the death of all good things." — @GilbertLiz 
"We need to start judging people by what they do, not what they look like."  
"The way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep." 
Why you should know how much your coworkers get paid:  @davidburkus 
"Falling in love is not the same thing as staying in love. Falling in love is the easy part." — @LenMandy 
"A lot of people can boldly ask for a raise, but can’t ask for a hug. And a lot have the opposite problem." 
3 tips for dealing with loneliness: 
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
These maps show one book worth reading from every country in the world:  
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
Are you smarter than a 19th-century 5th grader? Test yourself:  
"The meme that married people are happier and healthier than single people is unfounded." 
"The United States has a dark history of disproportionately punishing people because of their political views." 
The lost joy of voting:  @ericpliu
11 TED Talks on issues that matter in the US election:  
Voting used to be fun. What happened?  @ericpliu
There is no such thing as "not voting":  @ericpliu
Why "tomboy" isn't a compliment: 
12 TED Talks to help you pick your major:  
How to reach your full potential: 
Remember when voting was fun in America?  @ericpliu
Let's make voting fun again:  @ericpliu 
"My kid is a Jedi. Although some days she's also a Sith, which is a choice that I can respect." 
"Forgiveness is not about condoning violence or renouncing justice. It’s setting yourself free from anger." 
7 beautiful GIFs of creatures that light up the ocean:  
We’re moving too slow for climate change. Nuclear power can help.  @ShellenbergerMD 
"The heat is on!" Inside one of the most exciting, modern adventure stories:  
The future of clean energy is nuclear power:  @ShellenbergerMD 
This is how static electricity works:  via @TED_ED
This fictional funeral home creates virtual reality reconstructions of the dead: 
How I won a Supreme Court case against human DNA patents:  
"If you have a cell phone, you have access to power that a superpower would have highly classified 10 years ago." 
10 #TEDTalks about co-existing peacefully with robots: 
"The only way to ensure the full participation of women globally is by reclaiming religion." — @almmura 
Why nuclear power is the safer, cheaper choice:  @ShellenbergerMD 
The beauty of architecture built to heal:  @mpmurphyjr
What my religion really says about women:  @almmura 
Architecture that saves lives -- and honors them:  @MASSDesignLab 
How organ donation gave my son's short life new meaning:  @SGrayDC
"We have no other option than to reclaim the message of human rights, the principles of our faith." 
What New York City looked like 400 years ago:  
High-tech ways to celebrate life and death are emerging, and they’re using your digital data. 
Baby coral are really cool.  
7 young inventors who are changing how we stay healthy:  
5 #TEDTalks about the genius of babies:  
"Religious institutions are driven by male leadership, and they create policies in their likeness." 
6 #TEDTalks to watch when the Internet is making you mad:  
#HumanTrafficking is all around you. This is how it works: 
Why some people are more altruistic than others:  @aa_marsh 
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
Why it’s so tempting to build walls and shut people out:  
"What if there are things that even a good relationship can never provide?" 
8 practical ways to help refugees:  
Communicate more effectively by spotting these speech patterns: 
Why do startups succeed or fail? It all comes down to this: 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
Feel tired all the time? The surprising sleep cycle your body really wants: 
9 clever questions to start a better conversation: 
4 simple tips to help you achieve big goals:  
7 TED Talks on how we're fighting cancer:  
7 stunning performances that will make you want to dance:  
The myth of the gay agenda: 
"Great architecture can give us hope. Great architecture can heal." @MASSDesignLab 
12 #TEDTalks for when you wish you could go back to college:  
Watch these talks before your family asks what you're doing with your life: 
Architecture that's built to heal:  @mpmurphyjr 
11 must-see #TEDTalks:  
Our unhealthy obsession with getting kids into college:  @DeanJulie
8 #TEDTalks to help you understand race in America: 
Welcome to the Anthropocene! 
Be a better friend to yourself: 
Where does skin color come from? Here's how melanin works:  via @TED_ED
12 TED Talks on how to end poverty: 
7 TED Talks to help you give thanks: 
11 TED Talks on how we can redesign humans: 
We hear it's football season? 3 super nerdy TED Talks about sports:  
These 10 TED Talks explore how we study space:  
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse:  
The gigantic animal mystifies scientists: 
8 TED Talks on how big business can be a force for good: 
10 ways the world could end (and what we can do about it): 
Watch CERN physicist Brian Cox’s talk about the power of scientific curiosity:  
This is what you should do with your paycheck:  
10 things you didn't know about orgasm:  @mary_roach
How fear of nuclear power is hurting the environment:  @ShellenbergerMD 
This monkey can send a thought straight to another monkey's brain. Seriously. 
@EileenZFuentes @PBS You can find the full episode online here! 
3 TED Talks on the math, science and evolution of sports: 
A Pixar movie before and after lighting brings it to life:  @dafeinberg
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  
11 #TEDTalks by speakers with dream jobs:  
Want successful kids? Don’t micro-manage them:  @DeanJulie
These incredible teachers can help us fix the classroom: 
These talks can help you fine-tune your composure in the face of frustration: 
Principal Nadia Lopez urges us to believe in the brilliance of young people. #TEDTalksPBS @TheLopezEffect 
Loved Anna Deavere Smith’s performance? Watch this one too:  #TEDTalksPBS
Teachers can unlock a student’s potential by valuing their experiences. #TEDTalksPBS 
Victor Rios wants job training and mentoring available in every American high school. #TEDTalksPBS 
Watch @DeanJulie’s full TED Talk about how to raise an adult without over-parenting here:  #TEDTalksPBS
We have an unhealthy obsession with getting kids into college, says @DeanJulie. #TEDTalksPBS  
What’s the best way to raise successful kids? Don’t micromanage. #TEDTalksPBS @DeanJulie  
Watch Salman Khan’s full TED Talk about teaching for mastery here:  @khanacademy #TEDTalksPBS
Forget test scores -- @khanacademy says students should master skills at their own pace.  #TEDTalksPBS 
Tune in now to watch TED Talks: Education Revolution on @PBS! We’ve got a great show for you tonight. #TEDTalksPBS 
Scientists have been trying to replicate bird flight for years. This robot finally soars:  
Why medication should be a last resort for kids with ADHD:  
3 ways to kill mosquitoes: 
Join us for an hour of thought-provoking stories about education, tonight at 10PM ET on @PBS! #TEDTalksPBS 
How to raise successful kids — without over-parenting:  @DeanJulie 
"I have loved and been loved. I have been given much and I have given something in return." — Oliver Sacks 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
10 TED Talks to watch when you've just finished a good book:  
Nature is everywhere — we just need to learn to see it:  @Emma_Marris 
Chimpanzees have feelings and thoughts. Why they should also have rights:  
How the blockchain is changing money and business:  @dtapscott
How to get back to nature, anywhere:  @Emma_Marris
How to live a “good life” in the 21st century:  @courtwrites
Nature is everywhere — we just need to learn to see it:  @Emma_Marris 
The magic of talking to strangers:  @kiostark
The delightful stories behind some of the most iconic book covers of the last few decades: 
How the future of architecture will be shaped by...you:  
"Mystery demands to be decoded, and when it's done right, we really, really want to." 
A wearable digestive system, and other mind-blowing new designs: 
"Architecture is about those visceral, emotional connections that we feel to the places we occupy." 
Money is going digital -- for better or worse:  @neha
These appalling weapons of war should be banned:  @LauraBoushnak
Why video games shouldn’t freak parents out:  #NationalVideoGamesDay 
Your bike helmet won’t save you from a concussion: 
How technology is changing money:  @neha
The future of money:  @neha 
How to raise kids who love nature:  @Emma_Marris 
These appalling weapons of war are still used by the US:  @LauraBoushnak
How @instagram is revolutionizing architecture -- and giving you control of how your neighborhood looks: 
How to solve problems, from an inventor with 200+ patents:  
Why helmets don't prevent concussions — and what might:  
A hilarious look at how laughter makes us human: 
This problem has killed more people than every 20th century war combined: 
How to turn struggling students into scholars:  @khanacademy
These women risk their lives to do something you do every day: 
A new age of symbiosis between technology and biology: 
The new American Dream:  @courtwrites 
A photographer’s look at the horror of war:  @LauraBoushnak
The deadly legacy of cluster bombs:  @LauraBoushnak 
The art of first impressions — in design and life: 
Home is a song I've always remembered:  @Teitur 
A bold vision for the future of… everything: 
14 TED Talks on the reality of war:  
How end of life care can be better for all of us: 
Why you should talk to strangers:  @kiostark 
"Much is to be gained by eBooks, but something is definitely lost: a sensual experience, a little bit of humanity." 
Bring on the female superheroes!  
"The buildings of tomorrow are going to look a lot different than the buildings of today." 
Why "tomboy" isn't a compliment: 
Let's teach for mastery — not test scores:  @khanacademy 
The agony of trying to unsubscribe:  @veitchtweets 
What really matters at the end of life:  @zenhospice 
The process of learning is broken:  @khanacademy
How schools can foster mastery:  @khanacademy
"We can live well not in spite of death, but because of it. Let death be what takes us, not lack of imagination." 
"Movements don't start with a grand convention. It starts with just a few people, maybe just one." 
This invention can heal children’s hearts: 
For these women, reading is an act of daring:  
What will the future look like? A mind-blowing sneak peek:  
"We have developed a society in which you would rather be dead as a boy than thought of as liking stuff for girls." 
"Listen to understand. By just being there, you may be the turning point they need." #WorldSuicidePreventionDay 
"There are mountains of sorrow that cannot move, and one way or another, we will all kneel there."  @zenhospice
"You can always find a shock of beauty and meaning in what life you have left."  @zenhospice
This performance will change the way you think about sex work:  @jonesarah
7 TED Talks for people who like to create order out of chaos: 
"My question really is, where is all the female superhero stuff? Where are the costumes? Where are the toys?" 
"We have failed our children. And we have to do better for them." 
"Imagine walking a mile in someone else's headline." - @MonicaLewinsky, on the price of shame: 
"My kid is a Jedi. Although some days she's also a Sith, which is a choice that I can respect." 
This is what happens inside your body when you laugh: 
“There’s a very personal price to public humiliation, and the growth of the Internet has jacked up that price.” 
These jaw-dropping photos show what it's like to surf in the toughest conditions:  
What makes a good end of life? A thoughtful answer: 
"Anyone who is suffering from shame and public humiliation needs to know one thing: You can survive it." 
A new way to heal hearts without surgery:  
"Being different isn't easy, especially in Russia."  
17 ways to help a teacher out this school year: 
A failed attempt to unsubscribe... and the 21,439 emails that followed:  @veitchtweets
The secret to effective nonviolent resistance:  @jamilaraqib 
How megacities are changing the map of the world:  @paragkhanna 
Hunting for dinosaurs showed me our place in the universe:  @kenlacovara 
"This is the most exciting adventure human beings have been on. This is the greatest superpower we have ever had." 
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
The approach to medicine that helps us live longer, happier lives:  @IhrigMD
The new intelligent design is all about science:  @EvolvingJuan
How global citizens help drive change:  @Hughcevans #GlobalCitizen
What does it mean to be a citizen of the world?  @Hughcevans #GlobalCitizen 
This brave woman guides journalists through war-torn Gaza, showing them the untold stories of her home country: 
We can reprogram life. How to do it wisely:  @EvolvingJuan 
A delightful way to design electronics, including a paper piano you can sketch and then play: 
Your bike helmet won’t save you from a concussion: 
Why helmets don't prevent concussions — and what might:  
A football player on how we can prevent concussions: 
7 TED Talks on the struggle of mental health:  #TalkingAboutIt
What playing football does to your brain: 
17 ways to help a teacher out this school year: 
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
The instruction manual to create a human being:  @rikisabatini
Drawings that show the beauty and fragility of Earth:  @ZariaForman 
Economic growth has stalled. Let's fix it:  @dambisamoyo 
"All societies will be multiethnic, multicultural, multi-religious in the future." 
"The mosquito has killed more humans than any other creature in human history." 
Poor sanitation kills 1.5 million children every year. How we can save their lives: 
How to spot a fad diet:  via @TED_ED
This patch traps tumors before they can spread:  @LauraIndolfi
7 TED Talks on how DNA works:  
“There used to be a time when voting was fun. That time is called most of American history.” @ericpliu on making voting fun again #TEDNYC
“It doesn’t just matter who can vote; it matters who does vote.” @SayuBhojwani #TEDNYC
“Each of us has a dream when we come here; a dream that usually has to be rewritten.” @SayuBhojwani on immigrating to America #TEDNYC
“Democracy is a design problem.” @danachis on how ballot design can ensure that voters don’t make mistakes in the voting booth #TEDNYC
“The American Dream in those parts of the country is, in a very real sense, just a dream.” @JDVance1 on struggling working-class communities
We're live at #TEDNYC tonight! Follow us here for updates from our election-themed salon.
We need to stop thinking of Mars as a place to move after we've messed up Earth: 
Why science needs people who aren't scientists: 
"Private companies are leaping into space and they will be happy to take you to Mars." 
"The seasonal flu is probably the biggest driver of antibiotic use." The coming crisis in antibiotics: 
How to live a “good life” in the 21st century:  @courtwrites
How to win a presidential debate:  @amyjccuddy 
The new American Dream:  @courtwrites 
Kids are better liars than you think. 
Did we just discover aliens? Scientists aren’t ruling it out: 
How to watch a presidential debate:  @amyjccuddy
Shape-shifting tech will change work as we know it:  
"Disability in our age should not prevent anyone from living meaningful lives." 
Future tech might take pictures of what you're thinking:  @mljmljmlj
This ambitious mural can only be seen in full from a nearby mountain:  @elseedart 
This woman was the first to host a primetime Chinese television show that allowed hosts to speak their minds: 
"We are going to win this. But it matters a lot how fast we win it." @AlGore on climate change: 
"You show me a highly unequal society, and I will show you a police state or an uprising." 
How a blind man uses echolocation to see the world with his ears: 
How to turn struggling students into scholars:  @khanacademy
How schools can foster mastery:  @khanacademy
The process of learning is broken:  @khanacademy
Let's teach for mastery — not test scores:  @khanacademy 
"Tech is making a bid to redefine human connection, but it's also giving us the opportunity to affirm our values." 
Who is responsible for global gun violence?  @SamanthaNutt
Does paper beat plastic? How to rethink environmental folklore:  @LeylaAcaroglu
Can the rift between China and the United States be healed? 
How we'll survive if wheat, corn and rice crops are destroyed by climate change: 
Why political leaders must overcome their fear of risk:  @j_tepperman
Why anti-Muslim hate speech is the best propaganda for terrorists: 
How a driverless car avoids accidents: 
This comic book wants us to talk about periods:  @AditiGP @menstrupedia 
The surprisingly logical minds of babies: 
This is how a driverless car sees the road: 
"Numbers are the musical notes with which the symphony of the universe is written." 
This is how a driverless car sees the road: 
"No matter how terrible violence is, if people see it as their only choice, they will use it."  @jamilaraqib
"We are living at a moment in which the very fabric of human society is being rewoven." 
"I dream of a future where menstruation is not a curse, not a disease, but a welcomed change in a girl's life." 
Prosthetic limbs are uncomfortable. Here's how we can fix them: 
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." 
Pluto is the farthest planet we've ever reached. But why stop there? 
How I'm working for change inside my church:  @_chelseashields 
"We have made remarkable progress in the last hundred years, but if we want to continue, our future is in space." 
"Together we can create an archive of the wisdom of humanity." 
"80 to 90 percent of the marine debris we're finding in the ocean is plastic." 
11 TED Talks on issues that matter in the US election:  
The moral dark side of reporting on the dark net:  @JamieJBartlett 
7 TED Talks on humanity’s relationship with water:  
“If anything kills 10M people in the coming decades, it probably won’t be a missile—it will be a microbe." 
How to solve problems, from an inventor with 200+ patents:  
"We're designing technologies that will give us the illusion of companionship without the demands of friendship." 
Weird things we know about the 6,000 miles of road in New York City: 
The treadmill really is a torture device:  via @TED_ED
This problem has killed more people than every 20th century war combined: 
How germs travel on planes — and how we can stop them:  @RM_Wang 
"Being interviewed could mean so much to people, particularly those who had been told their stories didn't matter." 
"Impressions about blindness are far more threatening to blind people than blindness itself." 
"Equations and symbols aren't just things. They're a voice that speaks out about the incredible richness of nature." 
A fascinating talk on fractals -- beautiful branching patterns found in nature:  
"As a product designer, I try to see the world the way it really is, not the way we think it is." 
This is the future of travel: 
Soon you’ll be able to 3D-print your clothes at home:  @danitpeleg3d
"Machine intelligence is the last invention that humanity will ever need to make." 
"It's easy to solve a problem that almost everyone sees, but it's hard to solve a problem that almost no one sees." 
"It's all the unanswered questions that make mathematics a living subject." The fascinating riddle of symmetry: 
14 TED Talks on the reality of war:  
Why alone time is an important part of a healthy relationship: 
"There are invisible problems all around us -- ones we can solve. But first we need to see them." — Tony Fadell 
Someday soon, your bag of chips could spy on you: 
How many ways can you arrange a deck of cards?  via @TED_ED
Why driverless cars are better at responding to unpredictable events on the road than we are: 
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf
An 11-year-old prodigy performs old-school jazz:  
Babies understand probability better than you'd think: 
"Once there is super intelligence, the fate of humanity may depend on what the super intelligence does." 
"Once there is super intelligence, the fate of humanity may depend on what the super intelligence does." 
How babies make decisions with a surprisingly strong sense of logic: 
Antibiotics might stop working soon. Here's what that will mean: 
Are we hurtling toward an antibiotic apocalypse? 
When computers are smarter than we are, will they share our values... or have values of their own? 
"Poetry and grace can be found in the words of people all around us when we simply take the time to listen." 
When computers are smarter than we are, will they be on our side? 
"A four-year-old can talk to you about almost anything." 
Great designers are really good at this seemingly simple skill: 
How babies develop the ability to reason: 
7 lessons about finding the work you were meant to do:  
This new video technology reveals an object's hidden properties, with mindblowing implications: 
This man revolutionized finance... with complex math: 
"We stand today on the threshold of the post-antibiotic era, when simple infections will kill people once again." 
A thrilling look at the first 21 days of a bee’s life: 
The math behind basketball's wildest moves: 
Everyday cybercrime -- and what you can do about it: 
Government must give up control to keep us safe online: 
How Google will help us think in the future: 
“I wanted to moneyball criminal justice.” Why smart statistics are the key to fighting crime: 
Your country’s borders don’t matter anymore: 
Why social media activism starts strong then fizzles out:  @zeynep
A failed attempt to unsubscribe... and the 21,439 emails that followed:  @veitchtweets
The agony of trying to unsubscribe:  @veitchtweets 
Intimate photos of Afghanistan that go beyond the headlines:  
Worried about smart machines taking over the world? Here's what we need to think about first: 
5 ways to be a better human at the zoo:  
The unexpected math behind Van Gogh's "Starry Night":  (via @TED_ED) 
Will the next generation of basketball coaches be computers? 
Playful, pragmatic community spaces that encourage conversation: 
The lessons of the #PanamaPapers leak:  @robertnpalmer @Global_Witness
Programmers have more power than we know: 
3 ways to judge successful countries (that have nothing to do with wealth): 
Are "eco-friendly" products really better for the environment? 
"Play up whatever it is that makes you different, even if you think that some people will find it unattractive." 
"Wouldn't it be great if, every once in a while, we did mathematics simply because it was fun or beautiful?" 
12 TED Talks on how to end poverty: 
5 TED Talks on how masculinity is evolving:  
Easy ways to figure out what's fact and fiction on the Internet: 
Do you like curly fries? What Facebook can learn about you from that simple question:  
"True empowerment comes from giving yourself the permission to think and act." 
"Don’t be afraid to think big. Really big." 
The risky politics of progress:  @j_tepperman 
@MurZimminy It's one of our favorites too :)
"Fear is a bad advisor." 
Donald Trump is wrong — the California drought is a looming disaster: 
Are you easily fooled by statistics? Test yourself with the quizzes in this talk: 
Why our desire for a quick solution is destroying math education: 
"Knowledge is almost always better than ignorance — and usually less frightening."  @JamieJBartlett
10 math talks to blow your mind:  
"I channel all that anger, all that pain, into advocacy, because I need my pain to be worth something." 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
3 quick and clever poems about odd love: 
Is math discovered or invented? A thought-provoking answer from @TED_ED: 
Surprising advice for anyone who wants to change the world for the better: 
How to not be bitten by a shark: 
"One of the problems with school math is it doesn't look at how math is embedded in the world we live in." 
The surprising math of cities and corporations: 
An exhilarating performance of mental math: 
"Forgiveness is not about condoning violence or renouncing justice. It’s setting yourself free from anger." 
The emotional cost of trying to change the world: 
The magic of talking to strangers:  @kiostark
Why you should talk to strangers:  @kiostark 
How I walked 500 miles through the Australian wilderness:  
The key to successful nonviolent resistance? Women leaders.  @juliabacha
9 TED Talks on the strangeness of everyday life:  
Why "tomboy" isn't a compliment: 
12 TED Talks to help you pick your major:  
"We have developed a society in which you would rather be dead as a boy than thought of as liking stuff for girls." 
How to reach your full potential: 
"We have failed our children. And we have to do better for them." 
8 TED Talks about math in unexpected places:  
"My question really is, where is all the female superhero stuff? Where are the costumes? Where are the toys?" 
"My kid is a Jedi. Although some days she's also a Sith, which is a choice that I can respect." 
8 TED Talks about weird pop culture obsessions:  
How masculinity is evolving:  
A proven way to fight Chicago’s murder epidemic — and why it’s not being used:  
Bring on the female superheroes!  
No one makes us love dinosaurs like @kenlacovara. 
The reporting system that sexual assault survivors want:  @JessicaHLadd 
The enchanting music of sign language:  @chrisunkim 
"North America does not need more walls; it needs more connections."  @paragkhanna
A small country with big ideas to get rid of fossil fuels:  @MonicaArayaTica 
Why whistleblowers are more vulnerable than ever:  @trevortimm 
The essential role of women in nonviolent resistance:  @juliabacha
How to get a business loan… when you have no credit score:  @shivsiroya
The secret US prisons you’ve never heard of before:  @will_potter
How the blockchain is changing money and business:  @dtapscott
Hunting for Peru's lost civilizations — with satellites:  @indyfromspace 
"Indigenous people need to be partners in and not subjects of genetic research."  @KeoluFox
The visceral trauma of racial violence, cast in bronze:  @sanfordbiggers
.@Uber wants to make carpooling cool again:  @travisk
How women wage conflict without violence:  @juliabacha 
The spellbinding art of human anatomy:  @streetanatomy 
Pirates, nurses and other rebel designers:  @alicerawsthorn 
6 rules for running companies that survive:  @MartinKReeves
This brave mother guides journalists through the most dangerous war zones in Gaza: 
What I learned coaching a blind soccer team:  @gonvila
What Africa has done right -- and what needs to change:  @NOIweala
How my son's short life made a lasting difference:  @SGrayDC 
A thoughtful way to extend credit to the next billion people:  @shivsiroya
How do artists make a living? An ongoing, almost impossible quest:  @monicabyrne13 
A spell-binding journey into the Amazon -- where rivers boil and legends come to life:  @georuzo
This scientist makes ears out of apples:  @pellinglab 
How to protect whistleblowers in the Internet era:  @trevortimm 
These hideous city flags show the problem with design by committee: 
How free is our freedom of the press?  @trevortimm 
"Artists should stop trying to win the game, and start trying to change the game."  @monicabyrne13
7 delightful #TEDTalks that will make you love science: 
Gun violence is a singularly American problem. But there’s a proven solution:  
After a two-decade decline in murder rates, many large cities saw a sharp increase in murder in 2015: 
Get in on this tiny jungle party!  @shubzsharma
"What does it do to a child to grow up knowing that you cannot simply be a child?" @ClintSmithIII  #BlackLivesMatter
This talk is a must-watch for every working parent: 
A smart new business loan for people with no credit:  @shivsiroya 
"With something as simple as a credit score, we're giving people the power to build their own futures."  @shivsiroya
These appalling weapons of war are still used by the US:  @LauraBoushnak
"The United States has a dark history of disproportionately punishing people because of their political views." 
Put on your safety goggles and join us in the lab -- it's time for weird science. 
10 #TEDTalks for parents who are short on time but starved for intellectual stimulation:   
What we can do to die well:  @IhrigMD 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time):  
20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time...have you seen them all? 
8 #TEDTalks for people who love food: 
6 fascinating #TEDTalks on how language changes over time:  
The next manufacturing revolution is here:  
Be a better friend to yourself: 
5 #TEDTalks on the weird science of love:   
7 #TEDTalks celebrate the beauty of friendship: 
We should treat people, not symptoms:  @IhrigMD
These talks will help you be a better friend to yourself: 
Love a good braintwister? 8 #TEDTalks on unsolved mysteries: 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
7 #TEDTalks for when you wish you had time to read:  
A billionaire explains why income inequality is bad for everyone: 
Want a career you really love? These talks can help you find it: 
7 TED Talks on connecting with people: 
Why dirty money is far too easy to hide:  
12 TED Talks for people who love words:  
8 perfectly legal ways criminals hide money: 
7 TED Talks to help you find a career you really love: 
The hidden force in global economics is something rather unexpected: Love.  
Once you hear these ideas, they'll come up in daily life all the time: 
Bold thoughts on capitalism from Greece’s former finance minister: 
Capitalism will eat democracy — unless we speak up:  @yanisvaroufakis 
Being social is difficult. We're here to help. 
These appalling weapons of war should be banned:  @LauraBoushnak
"There is nothing people won’t tell you if you ask in a compassionate and legitimately interested way.” @humansofny 
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
What #Brexit reveals about politics today:  @alexander_betts
The spellbinding art of human anatomy:  @streetanatomy 
"The real divide in the US is not between red state and blue state. It’s between all of us and people in power." 
10 TED Talks on modern feminism:  #WomensEqualityDay 
This program is teaching prisoners to code:  
6 TED Talks for dog lovers:  #NationalDogDay 
"Hidden mathematical truths permeate our whole physical world." 
Which country does the most good for the planet? You might be surprised:  
"You don’t need to work for an organization that saves lives to find meaning and purpose in what you do." 
196 great books from every country in the world: 
5 #TEDTalks full of weird facts about sex:  
An incredible story of physical and mental endurance: 
These are the ingredients of a great conversation: 
The true cost of overworked employees:  
How to gain creative confidence:  
Why the color of your dinner plate matters, and other odd lessons about how we eat: 
A great way to think about setting and achieving goals: 
Humans come in all shapes, sizes — and colors:  
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
How to nourish your self-esteem -- without turning into a jerk: 
Fear is boring, and other tips for living a creative life:  @GilbertLiz 
"Overwork doesn’t just exhaust employees, it can sap a company’s profits and saddle taxpayers with hidden costs." 
How the blockchain is changing money and business:  @dtapscott
Love yourself. 
Want to eat well? Forget about willpower:  
A smart loan for people with no credit history (yet):  @shivsiroya
"Your story is yours alone. Nobody can tell you that your personal experience is wrong or discredit your feelings." 
A photographer’s look at the horror of war:  @LauraBoushnak
"The history of a place is written on the body and the landscape." Powerful photos show the impact of industry: 
The unexpected beauty of everyday sounds:  
How I teach kids to love science:  @cesarharada 
How to fight the trolls: 
Fairy tales as you've never seen them before:  
Inside the mind of a master procrastinator:  @waitbutwhy 
Have you ever wanted to reply to spam email? This guy does it all the time:  
Why I keep speaking up, even when people mock my accent:  @safwat
One way to cure America’s murder epidemic:  
The deadly legacy of cluster bombs:  @LauraBoushnak 
The last undeciphered script from the ancient world — what it means:  
"Armed groups like ISIS build stronger bonds with the population by investing in social services." @benedettabertiw 
We're thrilled to announce our new audio series, “Sincerely, X from TED and Audible”:  
A new tool for unearthing lost history in Peru:  @indyfromspace
How Syria's architecture laid the foundation for brutal war:  @marwa_alsabouni 
How we'll find life on other planets:  @aomawa 
Why some companies survive -- and others don’t:  @MartinKReeves
Treat yourself to a night at the jazz club: 
Anyone can discover a lost ancient city. Here's how:  @indyfromspace
The countries you least expect could end fossil fuels:  @MonicaArayaTica
This beautiful talk will show you what it feels like to dive hundreds of feet underwater -- without equipment: 
A fun introduction to the Chinese zodiac:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh
"One of the simplest facts in business is something we often neglect: We're all human." 

The challenges rising Africa faces today:  @NOIweala
Why you should learn to accept compliments: 
We should treat people, not symptoms:  @IhrigMD
Smart ways to build yourself up: 
5 ways to nourish your self-esteem:  @GuyWinch
5 ways to build lasting self-esteem:  @GuyWinch 
What we can do to die well:  @IhrigMD 
The jobs we'll lose to machines — and the ones we won't:  @antgoldbloom 
Why I bring theater to the military:  
How a blind soccer team rose to victory:  @gonvila
How Africa can keep rising:  @NOIweala 
A quick primer on our robot co-workers:  @antgoldbloom
How to build a business that lasts 100 years:  @MartinKReeves 
How Adam Driver is changing entertainment for the Armed Forces — and making it more thoughtful: 
How Argentina's blind soccer team became champions:  @gonvila 
What business can learn from biology:  @MartinKReeves
An update on the hunt for life outside Earth: 
Military life and acting are more similar than you might think:  
Will a robot do your job in the future?  @antgoldbloom
“Self-expression is just as valuable a tool as the rifle on your shoulder.” — Adam Driver 
These far-off moons could be full of life: 
What does acting have in common with military life? Actor and veteran Adam Driver explains: 
3 moons and a planet that could have alien life: 
This sh*t makes sense. 
What a planet needs to sustain life: 
The next manufacturing revolution is here:  
"The last thing I remember was lying on a white blanket, telling my surgeon to please try and save my voice." 
Why genetic research must be more diverse:  @KeoluFox
Why we aren't making vaccines for the world's killer diseases:  @GaviSeth
How to protect the civil rights of sexual assault survivors:  
These horrifying stories from new mothers will change how you think about family leave: 
The vast majority of genetic research is done on white Europeans. Why we need more diversity: 
Hunting for dinosaurs showed me our place in the universe:  @kenlacovara 
How we're finding common ground in the movement to end gun violence:  @Dan_at_Brady #ENOUGH
How movies have the power to shape our memories and worldviews: 
Would you be brave enough to leap from the stratosphere? This man was: 
How prosecutors can change young lives for the better:  @adamjohnfoss
We are unprepared for the digital age of conflict: 
"Arabic scripts speak to anyone, I believe. And then when you get the meaning, you feel connected to it." 
"We have to change the way we view and prevent infectious diseases." — @GaviSeth 
How a blind soccer team rose to victory:  @gonvila
How #IfAfricaWasABar brought a continent together:  @SiyandaWrites
A sci-fi vision of love from the near future:  @monicabyrne13
Why every city needs healthy honey bees: 
How a blind astronomer found a way to hear the stars:  
What I learned coaching a blind soccer team:  @gonvila
How you can make a difference by investing in companies that champion social values and sustainability: 
Let’s dream big for the present -- not just the future:  @danpallotta
This woman led the most important climate agreement in history. Here's how she did it:  
How we can break the cycle of violence -- and stop young people from joining terrorist groups: 
"We're creating this incredibly rich digital archive that's going to live in the cloud years after we're gone." 
The role architecture played in building -- and destroying -- Syria:  @marwa_alsabouni
Why anti-Muslim hate speech is the best propaganda for terrorists: 
Special Olympics let me be myself — a champion:  
Meet Gaza’s first female “fixer” — a mother with one of the most dangerous jobs in the world: 
"If we continue to ignore or talk down to our fellow citizens, others will hear it and be emboldened."  @will_potter
Gene drives could eliminate disease -- or destroy everything: 
This could help us grow food in a hotter, drier world: 
What steps do you take to protect yourself online? 
This problem has killed more people than every 20th century war combined: 
"Embrace your many passions. Follow your curiosity down those rabbit holes." — @emiliewapnick 
What we know about the genome: 
How to get back to work after a career break:  @iRelaunch 
Everything you need to know about protecting your privacy online: 
Why alone time is an important part of a healthy relationship: 
This documentary takes an unflinching look at honor killings: 
"We all wind up traveling through life, trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything." 
"There is no art without artists, and there are no artists without compensation." 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
Why you should take the time to find out a trans person’s preferred pronoun: 
8 reasons to stop what you're doing and play: 
Alzheimer’s is not normal aging — and we can cure it: 
A beatboxing lesson from a father-daughter duo:  @RealNicoleParis 
Why is it so difficult for writers to earn a living? 
The quest to be the perfect lover is a modern delusion: 
Did you know that you're 30 times more likely to laugh if you're with somebody else than if you're alone? 
Why jealousy is so powerful: 
How Argentina's blind soccer team became champions:  @gonvila 
What you learn when you stare into the eyes of a stranger: 
This is what happens inside your brain when you listen to someone else:   @HassonLab
Why trust has become a powerful force in today's economy: 
8 TED Talks to help you figure out who you are: 
This could mean the end of bad landlords: 
How to run and reinvent your company at the same time: 
5 #TEDTalks to watch when you want to let go of regret:  
How we’re fixing India’s broken school system: 
Anyone can discover a lost ancient city. Here's how:  @indyfromspace
Why teenagers act the way they do: 
10 things you didn't know about orgasm:  @mary_roach
4 #TEDTalks on overcoming depression:  
The real divide in the US isn’t red vs. blue:  @will_potter
"The real divide in the US is not between red state and blue state. It’s between all of us and people in power." 
A letter to those who feel left behind:  @AnandWrites
There are nearly 36 million people enslaved in the world today. These are their stories: 
About 10,000 people a month Google the phrase, “Am I ugly?” 
10 TED Talks to inspire lively conversation: 
10 ways to have a better conversation: 
10 #TEDTalks to help you shake off rejection:  
A letter to all who have lost in this era:  @AnandWrites 
Why you should hire the underdog: 
"No matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal." 
11 beautiful bits of advice on how to wake up your creative genius: 
The last interview with Oliver Sacks:  
A new tool for unearthing lost history in Peru:  @indyfromspace
The how-to's of powerful speaking — from handy vocal exercises to tips on speaking with empathy: 
The surprising habits of original thinkers:  @AdamMGrant 
How to crush that scary job interview: 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list: 
6 TED Talks to watch before a job interview:  
5 #TEDTalks full of weird facts about sex:  
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
@indyfromspace yay, lady!
How to know if your dog really loves you: 
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  
3 popular theories about why we sleep: 
Hunting for Peru's lost civilizations — with satellites:  @indyfromspace 
"Being absolutely true to yourself is freedom." 
8 TED Talks to help you form better habits: 
You can grow new brain cells. Here's how:  
Why teenagers seem so much more impulsive than grown-ups: 
Scientists may have found the key to eternal youth -- and it's really creepy: 
Extroverts, introverts and the puzzle of personality:  @DrBrianRLittle
How to heal from difficult experiences... without letting them define you: 
"There’s nothing in the auditory world that is harder for the brain to process than music.” 
"We cannot bear a pointless torment, but we can endure great pain if we believe that it's purposeful." 
I survived a terrorist attack. Here's what I learned:  @MADforpeace 
Politics are far too divided. How we can bridge the gap: 
"Virtual reality has the potential to actually change the world." 
Tiny satellites show us the Earth as it changes in near-real-time:  @planetlabs 
"Our built environment matters. The fabric of our cities is reflected in the fabric of our souls."  @marwa_alsabouni
An update on the hunt for life outside Earth: 
What if we could brew painkillers?  
We rely on plants for some of our most important medicines. Scientists want to fix that: 
These far-off moons could be full of life: 
3 moons and a planet that could have alien life: 
Our current justice system doesn’t encourage sexual assault survivors to report their attackers: 
All the dangerous experiments you wanted to do in science class are possible with virtual reality. 
"Once I had an affair with calculus that lasted longer than some celebrity marriages." 
How virtual reality can create the ultimate empathy machine: 
The US government ignored civilians killed in the Iraq War. This artist made them face the truth:  @mattckenyon
"The wonderfully seductive idea of the unbiased, clean search result is a myth." — @andreasekstrom 
Watch tiny robots do an adorable robot dance: 
Racial violence, cast in bronze, etched in glass:  @sanfordbiggers 
How to avoid surveillance… with the phone in your pocket:  @csoghoian
How tech companies have your back against government surveillance:  @csoghoian
"Mathematics allows us to go beyond the intuition and explore territories which do not fit within our grasp." 
What if your clock released essential oils to help you tell the time by smell? 

How sliced bread caught on, and other stories about ideas that get people talking: 
Meet the mother whose son inspired the Ice Bucket Challenge: 
Seriously, use your vacation days.

The countries you least expect could end fossil fuels:  @MonicaArayaTica
Get in on this tiny jungle party!  @shubzsharma
A small country with big ideas to get rid of fossil fuels:  @MonicaArayaTica 
Proof that government really can be more efficient. 
Are you procrastinating right now? Join the club: 
A quick primer on our robot co-workers:  @antgoldbloom
One key characteristic could predict success: 

Want to protect your privacy online? Leave your phone outside your bedroom. 
This is why viral videos are so infectiously funny: 
Want to come up with the next world-changing idea? Try procrastinating. 
Soon you'll be able to change the flavor of your lettuce. 
The striking impact of social media: 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
Hacking is about more than mischief-making or political subversion. 
The deep, unexamined divide between those who fear globalization and those who embrace it: 
To those who feel like they don't belong: there is beauty in being a misfit. 
12 #TEDTalks for when you wish you could go back to college:  
How comedy can help fight stereotypes: 
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
When you've had enough of the haters: 
A stirring argument for gender equality from former President Jimmy Carter: 
Stunning sculptures by a wildly inventive artist:  
Will a robot do your job in the future?  @antgoldbloom
Well, this explains a lot. 
Four techniques to help you make better decisions: 
8 reasons to stop what you're doing and play: 
Why we sometimes choose to act out of character: 
How one man recovered after being mocked online: 
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
Fireflies are public health champions: 
I’m an Iranian-American Muslim. Here’s how that works:  @NeginFarsad 
The elegance of mathematical randomness: 
Is reality all in your mind? 
10 TED Talks to help you build a rich, spirited company culture: 
Why we see the world the way we do: 
For everyone who waits until the last minute to get things done: 
How to talk to parents who fear vaccines: 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
12 TED Talks full of fascinating history:  
It might actually be a good sign when your kid starts lying. 
We need to stop trusting eyewitnesses. They’re usually wrong.  
Prepare to see the natural world with new eyes. 
The scam of college debt: 
We're melting. 
Here's what you should read during your staycation:  
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed:  via @TED_ED
"A four-year-old can talk to you about almost anything." 
Adults need recess too: 
Kids these days. 
What are you doing with your life?! 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
7 TED Talks to watch when it's too hot to function:  #heatwave 
9 TED Talks for theater geeks:  
Why elephants never forget, and other cool facts about the astonishing elephant brain:  @TED_ED #WorldElephantDay
What a planet needs to sustain life: 
Tweet responsibly. 
8 TED Talks on the power of social media:  
An invitation to men who want a better world for women:  @e_nyamayaro #InternationalWomensDay 
How I snuck a memorial for Iraqi civilians into the US government:  @mattckenyon 
Modern politics turn you off? 8 #TEDTalks to restore your faith in politics: 
This ambitious mural can only be seen in full from a nearby mountain:  @elseedart 
The challenges rising Africa faces today:  @NOIweala
"Architecture plays a key role in whether a community crumbles or comes together."  @marwa_alsabouni
How bad city flags hurt local politics: 
The untapped genius that could change science for the better:  @JedidahIslerPhD 
6 rules for running companies that survive:  @MartinKReeves
"Human trafficking survivors don't need saving. They need solidarity." 
"There has to be political noise and political costs in response to massive crimes against humanity." 
How virtual reality can put us all on the NFL field -- in real time:  #SuperBowl
How Africa can keep rising:  @NOIweala 
“Think of the US's drug war not as a rational policy, but as the international projection of a domestic psychosis.” 
A fascinating visual history of human knowledge:   @mslima
The hidden science behind your taste in romantic partners: 
The weird science behind your terrible taste in romantic partners: 
The dawn of the age of holograms:  @akipman 
"Each one of us is more than what we have lived through. Especially trafficking survivors." 
An Iraq war movie crowd-sourced from soldiers: 
Your office could be the reason you're so unproductive at work:

Why some companies survive -- and others don’t:  @MartinKReeves
7 fantastic flags that break every design rule:  @romanmars 
A highly scientific taxonomy of haters:  @NeginFarsad 
Kids are more privacy-savvy than you think:  @csoghoian
We're wasting our human waste: 
Want to protect your privacy online? Leave your phone outside your bedroom. 
"Everywhere you see a Like button on the internet, Facebook is watching you."  @csoghoian
The excellence of excrement: 
Let's get real about poop and pee: 
Are you smarter than your grandparents? Probably. 
The secret to healthier plants and people? Poop. 
The taboo secret to healthier plants and people:  
Why online privacy matters — and how to protect yours:  @csoghoian @will_potter 
When Islam meets Rumi meets apple pie:  @NeginFarsad
I’m an Iranian-American Muslim. Here’s how that works:  @NeginFarsad 
Put a sticker on your webcam. Right now. Do it.  @csoghoian @will_potter
How architecture can bring Syria back together:  @marwa_alsabouni
Penguins love robots, and other tales of underwater exploration: 
How to talk about climate change with skeptics: 
Are you catching fireflies this summer? Their glow has a fascinating secret: 
"Our built environment matters. The fabric of our cities is reflected in the fabric of our souls."  @marwa_alsabouni
Turn off the lights and turn the volume up.  @KakiKing 
The next quantum leap in science education:  @Bodekaer
This dinosaur hunter will make you feel tiny and important all at once. 
This artist uses his voice to challenge what is "normal":  @safwat
A call for prison reform in spoken word and song:  @johnlegend 
Why aren't we investing more in vaccine development?  @GaviSeth
A quick primer on the Chinese zodiac:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh
Why should we memorize facts? A Jeopardy legend explains:  @KenJennings
Seriously, use your vacation days.

These psychedelic sculptures will transport you to new worlds:  
What business can learn from biology:  @MartinKReeves
"Books tell us who we've been, who we are, who we will be."  #NationalBookLoversDay
How to build a business that lasts 100 years:  @MartinKReeves 
5 books you should read when you need help ignoring everyone:  #NationalBookLoversDay 
49 books you need to read this summer, recommended by TED speakers:  #NationalBookLoversDay
A call for prison reform in spoken word and song:  @johnlegend 
A brief history of phone wiretapping — and how to avoid it:  @csoghoian 
The surprisingly logical minds of babies: 
A forgotten Space Age technology could change how we grow food:  
The Chinese zodiac, explained:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh 
"We don't care about politics; we care about making government work." 
What if you could take a test to find out how imaginative you are? 

"We have to be prepared to change our minds." 
"Sitting has become the smoking of our generation." Why you should step away from your desk right now: 
Proof that government really can be more efficient. 
"No matter your position or place in life, it is imperative to create opportunities for children." 
What if your clock released essential oils to help you tell the time by smell? 

These hideous city flags show the problem with design by committee: 
A quick primer on our robot co-workers:  @antgoldbloom
Get in on this tiny jungle party!  @shubzsharma
Will a robot do your job in the future?  @antgoldbloom
The jobs we'll lose to machines — and the ones we won't:  @antgoldbloom 
Get in on this tiny jungle party!  @shubzsharma
How we can use virtual reality in the classroom: 
How I learned to communicate my inner life with Asperger's:  @GenerousAlix
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
This engineer, advocate and mother in Abu Dhabi shares thoughtful lessons on success: 
How to turn a video game controller into a multi-touch digital whiteboard, and other fun hacks: 
Could we cure HIV with lasers?  
Are you procrastinating right now? Join the club: 
How to make filthy water drinkable -- and save millions of lives:  
What happens to your body when you dive deep underwater: 
"The United States has a dark history of disproportionately punishing people because of their political views." 
What’s it like to have a song inside your head? A neuroscientist and a songwriter compare notes: 
Why city flags may be the worst-designed thing you've never noticed:  @romanmars
"Virtual reality connects humans in a profound way that I've never seen before in any other form of media." 
How technology can help us form more meaningful relationships: 
3 lessons on success from an Arab businesswoman:  @Leila_Hoteit 
Why former President Jimmy Carter believes the mistreatment of women is the number one human rights abuse: 
Why market forces should have nothing to do with vaccine development:  @GaviSeth
Human trafficking is all around you. This is how it works: 
What I learned about economics when I sailed solo around the world: 
"My dream for people with autism is to remove the roadblocks that prevent them from succeeding." — @GenerousAlix 
"#HeForShe is based on a simple idea: that what we share is much more powerful than what divides us." — @e_nyamayaro 
The Panama Papers make up the largest data leak in history. This man led the team that exposed them. 
The transformative power of classical music:  @BenjaminZander
Science classes of the future may look like this. 
One key characteristic could predict success: 

What I learned as a kid in jail: 
"Our minds and our feelings are not the trustworthy friends we thought they were." 
"The world has changed from analog to digital." Why we should teach statistics before calculus: 
"I'm kind of obsessed with flags." And now you will be too. 
Here's who you can thank for modern pain relief: 
"I watched my son get taken away from me little by little. Today, my son is completely paralyzed." 
A provocative talk with a bold call to end the War on Drugs, from drug policy reformist @ethannadelmann: 
She was one of the first women in tech -- and she took it by storm: 
What making music does to your brain:  
Why Amsterdam has the most badass city flag in the world:  
This prosecutor is helping kids get back on their feet: 
The perplexing joy of mathematics: 
How fireflies keep us healthy: 
"Bias is not an accusation. It's something that has to be identified, acknowledged and mitigated against." 
Why eyewitness testimony is so often unreliable: 
"What I'm passionate about is the inextinguishable, undaunted appetite for learning and experience." 
What if your computer could tell if you're having a terrible day?  @kaliouby
Yes, you can buy happiness... as long as you aren't selfish:

Why it's important to surround yourself with people who challenge you: 
This is why viral videos are so infectiously funny: 
"We happen to be expressive all the time, even when we're sitting in front of our devices alone." - @kaliouby 
See the dramatic beauty of Paris at every hour:  
The beauty and imagination of cosplay:  @donttrythis #SDCC
"The great problem for reform or transformation is the tyranny of common sense." 
A hilarious look at how laughter makes us human: 
A delightful conversation about the joy of long-term friendship: 
Yes, your brain does change when you’re composing music: 
This is what stars sound like:  
The thrill of mathematical discovery: 
What we should teach every child about food:  @JamieOliver
Lessons from a professional tiny-forest maker:  @shubzsharma
Soon you'll be able to change the flavor of your lettuce. 
"Normal is simply a construction of what we've been exposed to, and how visible it is around us."  @safwat
Want to come up with the next world-changing idea? Try procrastinating. 
The deep, unexamined divide between those who fear globalization and those who embrace it: 
Hacking is about more than mischief-making or political subversion. 
5 moral values that shape our political views: 
The surprising reason you're unproductive at work:

Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
"Pain is the most complex human experience." 
Can you imagine a camel living outside the desert? 
How fireflies are beautiful — and useful:  
Do you defend your views at all costs, or do you seek out new perspectives? 
How baby diapers can help us study the brain: 
In the past 40 years, the United States incarceration rate has grown by 700 percent.  
Can we build a less divided society? 
This kid could be the next Bill Gates: 
Could politics be a true competition of ideas? Maybe, if we work together. 
How comedy can help fight stereotypes: 
"A new era is coming. Higher education is becoming a basic right, affordable and accessible for all." 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
This new way to visualize knowledge is changing how we think about the world: 
3 lessons for thriving in the modern world: 
The complex social lives of trees: 
To those who feel like they don't belong: there is beauty in being a misfit. 
A short, powerful talk about falling in love with science: 
A stirring argument for gender equality from former President Jimmy Carter: 
Someday soon, your bag of chips could spy on you: 
"The greatest originals are the ones who fail the most, because they're the ones who try the most." 
“A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you, and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.”  
We overlook women, and our economy suffers as a result: 
Stunning sculptures by a wildly inventive artist:  
When you've had enough of the haters: 
The number of documents they dug through was insane. 
The unexpected beauty of everyday sounds:  
When a kid commits a crime, the US justice system has a choice: 
"Our prosperity is no longer prosperity as long as it is pinned to other people's pain." 
"Trafficking happens in sectors where workers are excluded from protections and denied the right to organize." 
The way we work is changing forever -- and for the better: 
Why are thousands of rape kits destroyed? 
In which we all become vampires. 
A team of journalists exposed the biggest data leak in history. Here's their story. 
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf
This app knows how you feel from the look on your face:  @kaliouby
"We are one of the loneliest societies that has ever been." 
"Companies don't have ideas. Only people do." 
Not sure what to do with your life? Proof that you'll figure it out: 
Share this with those people who leave the bathroom without washing their hands: 
“If you don’t design your life, someone else will design it for you." 
How to grow a forest in your backyard:  @shubzsharma 
Can you guess someone's political party based on their name? Try these fun psych quizzes: 
A new, and totally absurd, theory of the camel:  @latifnasser
A moving song from women in prison for life: 
How a NASA engineer invented the Super Soaker, and other odd origin stories: 
Well, this explains a lot. 
Why sending every child to preschool will help boost the economy: 
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
Think the government doesn’t get anything done? This startup is changing that: 
A new, human approach to treating addiction: 
“Why are there so many women mired in the middle and what has to happen to take them to the top?”  
The spooky science behind quantum biology: 
Do you procrastinate often? Blame your office: 
Trust us – close your laptop and go outside right now: 
Babies understand probability better than you'd think: 
“A person who feels that they’ve been heard will relax, let their guard down." 
Unexpected lessons on leadership from an adorable dance party: 
"We are one of the loneliest societies that has ever been." - @johannhari101 
Four techniques to help you make better decisions: 
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
How young blood might help reverse aging. Yes, really. 
Those who connect others help all of us move forward: 
A powerful reminder that mocking others online has consequences: 
The surprising value of conflict at the office: 
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." 
The impact of algorithms on everything from architecture to online dating: 
This new lie-detection technology could someday reveal our hidden emotions. 
"By the time you’ve reached an awkward silence, something’s already gone wrong." 
Video games can actually help you live longer: 
Why we need to end the War on Drugs: 
How one man recovered after being mocked online: 
How babies make decisions with a surprisingly strong sense of logic: 
The troubling reason why vaccines are made too late... if they’re made at all:  @GaviSeth 
A beatboxing lesson from a father-daughter duo:  @RealNicoleParis 
If you were handed 11.5 million documents that exposed a network of global corruption, where would you start? 
“Perception is subjective. What we think we see is filtered through our own mind’s eye.” 
The elegance of mathematical randomness: 
Comfort for anyone who has ever felt like a misfit: 
Have you ever seen your city flag? Because it's probably terrible. 
The value of being uncertain: 
Are we hurtling toward an antibiotic apocalypse? 
How young blood might help reverse aging. Yes, really.  
Why we should stop trusting eyewitness testimony: 
The inaccuracy of eyewitness testimony: 
This is what it's like to be a teenager in solitary confinement: 
How to use data to find love: 
"We all have our biases. They are the filters through which we see the world around us." 
7 studies that reveal what truly drives us: 
The incredible ways your body changes when you dive deep underwater: 
How young blood might help reverse aging. Yes, really. 
"The opposite of addiction is not sobriety. The opposite of addiction is connection." — @johannhari101 
This is what your brain was doing while you were sleeping: 
Want to inspire a young mind? 11 #TEDTalks to watch with kids: 
A radical rethink of what drives us to do our best work: 
Did you know that you're 30 times more likely to laugh if you're with somebody else than if you're alone? 
How smell shapes our perception of the world around us:  
What’s really happening in your brain when you fall in love: 
The thrill of discovery and the sometimes perplexing life of a mathematician: 
We need to stop talking about sex like it's a baseball game:  @AlVsexed
"We're asking kids who live in the most disadvantaged neighborhoods to basically never do anything wrong." 
What does your online behavior say about you? More than you think: 
Are you a hater? These jokes are for you!  @NeginFarsad
How to talk to parents who fear vaccines: 
4 post-Brexit steps toward a more inclusive world: 
"Play up whatever it is that makes you different, even if you think that some people will find it unattractive." 
Antibiotics might stop working soon. Here's what that will mean: 
We need to stop trusting eyewitnesses. They’re usually wrong.  
Why I keep speaking up, even when people mock my accent:  @safwat
Music is all around us. Here’s how to listen for it: 
It might actually be a good sign when your kid starts lying. 
6 TED Talks on how algorithms run our lives: 
The inspiring story of the first black woman to earn a PhD in astrophysics from Yale: 
Everything you think you know about addiction is wrong: 
A clever new way to figure out if people are lying. 
How we can free students from crushing college debt: 
For everyone who waits until the last minute to get things done: 
5 #TEDTalks that celebrate lifelong learning:  
"A core part of addiction is about not being able to bear to be present in your life." - @johannhari101 
4 inspiring kids imagine the future of learning: 
Networking doesn’t have to be awkward. How to turn small talk into meaningful discussions: 
By age two, this prodigy's musical ear had already outstripped that of most adults: 
Why we should never trust eyewitnesses: 
The nerd's guide to learning everything online:  @johngreen #DFTBA 
Imagine what you could have if you asked for what you want:  
The nerd's guide to learning everything online:  @johngreen #DFTBA 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
"A four-year-old can talk to you about almost anything." 
"Our economy, our society, we're losing out because we're not raising our girls to be brave."  @reshmasaujani
Why you shouldn’t trust your memory: 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
"Do not think for one minute that because you are who you are, you cannot be who you imagine yourself to be." 
This is what it's like to teach in North Korea: 
Why taking a vacation boosts your creativity: 
"How powerful would our world be if we had kids who were not afraid to take risks, not afraid to think?" 
"Every day, when you wake up, you can choose to live with positivity." 
Why we sometimes choose to act out of character: 
Why do startups succeed or fail? It all comes down to this: 
How to fix a conversation that's gone off the rails: 
"We have to make sure that every school that serves children in poverty is a real school." 
Kids are better liars than you realize. 
Prepare to see the natural world with new eyes. 
"Figuring out how to build a more just world is our work to do and our story to tell." 
A beautifully designed lesson to help you learn the basics of Chinese characters: 
This is what sets successful startups apart: 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
"Every child deserves a champion, an adult who will never give up on them." 
7 books to read when you want to challenge yourself: 
"Why some drugs are legal and others aren't has almost nothing to do w/ safety &amp; everything to do w/ who uses them." 
How your mindset shapes the way you interpret new information: 
"We cannot understand groups like ISIS, let alone defeat them, if we don't have the full picture."  @benedettabertiw
We need to stop gendering books for kids:  @carowriter
How quantum biology might explain life’s biggest questions:  
A journey through the mind of an artist:  
"The story of our world is a dynamic one. It requires our willingness to readjust, to reimagine."  @latifnasser
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed:  via @TED_ED
How babies develop the ability to reason: 
"Prison now stands firmly between the young people trying to make it and the fulfillment of the American dream." 
10 TED Talks for classical music lovers: 
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
Here's what you should read during your staycation:  
A strong case for throwing out the pecking order at work: 
"The food industry has long used fireflies’ light reaction to detect good food gone bad." 
How I stopped the Taliban from shutting down my school:  
"You need a lot of bad ideas in order to get a few good ones." 
The amazing story of the man who gave us modern pain relief: 
Afraid of public speaking? Start here: 
Hacking can be an important force for good. 
"Mathematics is not just solving for x; it's also figuring out why." 
"There is really mathematical evidence to say that you should never let the sun go down on your anger." 
8 TED Talks to inspire projects with kids:  
This guy makes musical instruments irrelevant: 
This is how our bodies betray us in a lie:  
A breakthrough new kind of wireless Internet:  
Thoughtful reflections on every age: 
Scientists may have found the fountain of youth. It's way more disturbing than you think: 
3 mind-bending ways quantum biology might explain everything:  @jimalkhalili
"Jails are supposed to rehabilitate a person, not cause him or her to become more angry, frustrated, and hopeless." 
"We humans can benefit greatly from evolution’s natural inventiveness." 
Want to learn Chinese? Start with these simple characters:  
"The education process begins even before the child is born." 
"When we dare to create conflict, we enable ourselves and the people around us to do our very best thinking." 
10 research tips for finding answers online: 
Have six minutes to spare? Plenty of time to learn 40 Chinese characters:  
Want to rock your next interview? Here’s how: 
The surprising way groups like ISIS stay in power:  @benedettabertiw 
"Our desire to alter our state of consciousness may be as fundamental as our desire for food, water, and sex." 
"Books tell us who we've been, who we are, who we will be." 
A horrible side effect of mass incarceration? We are priming kids for prison: 
17 teachers from around the world open up about the economics of their dream job: 
A hilarious journey through Wikipedia rabbit holes and YouTube binges: 
"If the startup organization is so great, why do so many fail?" 
This is what happens inside your body when you laugh: 
This program is teaching prisoners to code:  
"Kids don't learn from people they don't like." 
If you've ever loved an addict, this talk is for you: 
This spoken word performance is a beautiful lesson on self-expression: 
We might have found the fountain of youth... but there's a serious catch: 
Learn to be a great public speaker: 
Kids fool you all the time. 
A hilarious celebration of lifelong female friendship:  
How sleep really does help restore the mind: 
This mind-bending new science might explain life's biggest questions: 
How college loans exploit students for profit: 
"In prison, I came across some of the most intelligent, brilliant, and talented people I would ever meet." 
3 ways to hack your love life...with math! 
How video games can help get boys excited about learning: 
"By taking these daily measurements about yourself, you become the expert on your body." 
What explains the rise of humans?  
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
In a time when irrationality seems to rule both politics and culture, has reasoned thinking finally lost its power? 
A teacher's unusual approach to sex education:  @AlVsexed
"I teach high school math. I sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it." 
Why hearing "you're not there yet" is more helpful than hearing you failed: 
7 ways to practice emotional first aid:  
What do kids learn from games like Call of Duty or World of Warcraft? More than you might think. 
Are you smarter than a 19th-century 5th grader? Test yourself:  
"None of our graduates have gone back to jail." Inside a prison education program: 
"The truth won't set us free until we develop the skills and the moral courage to use it." 
What's so sexy about math?  
"The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult, but rather better adults than you have been." 
"Correctly using computers is the silver bullet for making math education work." 
A spectacular guitar performance by @RollingStone's first female guitar god:  
5 signs that math education is failing: 
The math behind basketball's wildest moves: 
"This insistence by adults that boys want only boy things ultimately damages girls. But it hurts boys too." 
"We need to radically rethink our view of intelligence." How schools kill creativity: 
The single biggest reason why startups succeed: 
"We stand today on the threshold of the post-antibiotic era, when simple infections will kill people once again." 
What color is a mirror? The power of asking really weird questions: 
The pressure to be perfect is hurting our girls:  @reshmasaujani @GirlsWhoCode
4 ways to heal your emotional wounds and build resilience: 
This new video technology reveals an object's hidden properties, with mindblowing implications: 
What are schools like in North Korea? Hear one teacher's story: 
The math of history shows deep underlying patterns: 
Why you should catch up on sleep: 
This is why loneliness hurts so much: 
The secret ingredient that makes some teams better than others:  
Why we should take our emotional health as seriously as we take our physical health: 
3 tips for dealing with loneliness: 
"Teaching is a creative profession, not a delivery system. Great teachers mentor, stimulate, provoke, engage." 
"We have sold ourselves into a fast food model of education, and it's impoverishing our spirit." 
Hexagons! And other reasons to love math:  
"Are we raising kids who don't know how to dream big dreams, whose biggest goal is getting the next A?" 
"No problem worth solving is simple." 
Simple ways to raise kids who are creative, confident, and in control of the world around them: 
When your boss tells you to stop chatting and get to work, show them this talk: 
"Unless we give kids tools to build with computers, we are raising only consumers instead of creators."  @lindaliukas
"We stigmatize mistakes, and the result is that we are educating people out of their creative capacities." 
How trees talk to each other:  
"Money is the most successful story ever invented by humans, because it is the only story everybody believes." 
Can you spot a fake laugh? You might be surprised: 
This new telescope might show us the beginning of the universe:  
These robots come to the rescue after a disaster:  
Why your personality may be more malleable than you think: 
The surprising differences between introverts and extroverts: 
How do creative people come up with great ideas? 
42 books you need to read this summer, recommended by TED speakers: 
"Costumes are how we reveal ourselves to each other." @donttrythis  #SDCC
8 practical ways to help refugees:  
42 beach reads recommended by TED speakers:  
"In my view, color blindness is very dangerous because it means we're avoiding the problem." 
This subtle lighting shift makes a Pixar movie come alive: 
The joy of cosplay:  @donttrythis #SDCC
This is how original thinkers dream up new ideas and make them happen: 
Expert tips to help you become a great public speaker: 
My love letter to cosplay:  @donttrythis #SDCC 
"Do you yearn to defend your own beliefs, or do you yearn to see the world as clearly as you possibly can?" 
TED's mega summer reading list has arrived: 
5 books you should read when you need help ignoring everyone:  
Baby diapers inspired this new way to study the brain:  
42 TED speakers recommend the books you need to read right now: 
"My personality was entombed within a seemingly silent body, a vibrant mind hidden in plain sight." 
How to talk to people you disagree with: 
The story behind one of our most iconic images of space:  
"If you’re going to have an argument with someone, the best way to do it is to assume they can teach you something." 
7 lessons about finding the work you were meant to do:  
Watch this when you feel like your life is a mess: 
8 breathtaking photos that show the passage of time:  
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
A powerful story of loss, shame and the slow process of self-acceptance: 
5 reasons why the oceans aren't doomed after all: 
Brilliant inventions don’t happen on the first try: 
That looming deadline might actually help your health: 
What do we want the world to look like 50 years from now? 6 strategies for shaping the future:  via @TEDFellow
Awkward silences are the worst. Bring your conversational skills to the next level: 
"When a leader makes the choice to put others first, remarkable things happen." 
So you've found your calling. What comes next? 
How the #PanamaPapers journalists broke the biggest leak in history:  @RyleGerard 
Creativity is all around you. Here’s how to pull it out: 
These 9 paintings have a trippy secret:  
How to stay positive when you can't seem to catch a break: 
Lessons on leadership from a spontaneous dance party: 
6 beautiful books on how dreams illuminate our lives:  @brainpicker
“Spending on other people has a bigger return for you than spending on yourself.” 
Skyscrapers — but no sewage system. Meet a city run by private industry:  
This program is teaching prisoners to code:  
"If we married for love, what does it mean, now, to be married without love?" 
How the languages we speak affect the way we think: 
Think you're not a creative person? Think again: 
 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
A project of peace, painted across 50 buildings:  @elseedart 
Who are you, really? The puzzle of personality:  @DrBrianRLittle 
Extroverts, introverts and the puzzle of personality:  @DrBrianRLittle
How a great conversation is like a game of catch:  
These great books offer a blueprint for bold leadership: 
You're 30 days away from achieving your goals: 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
The rise of Donald Trump isn't surprising. Here's why:  @NickHanauer
3 ways to fix a broken school:  
Simple ways to help yourself commit to a goal and stick with it: 
Autistic people are not failed versions of “normal”:  @stevesilberman 
8 TED Talks to watch when you're just done with Earth:  
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
Are we raising our boys to lack empathy? 
6 must-read books about psychology, recommended by TED speakers: 
"Knowledge is almost always better than ignorance — and usually less frightening."  @JamieJBartlett
3 ways to recover from rejection: 
How should we talk about mental health? Thoughtful ideas from experts: 
What can we learn from shortcuts?  @thulme 
A forgotten Space Age technology could change how we grow food:  
Just graduated? Here are some TED Talks to help you figure out your next step: 
What you need to know to avoid getting stuck in middle management -- and land a top leadership position: 
This is what teens really want to know about sex:  
"Divorce is intrinsically hard, but our cultural beliefs and attitudes make it even harder than it needs to be." 
Why medication should be a last resort for kids with ADHD:  
This marine conservation expert sees hope beneath the waves: 
"The greatest hope for humanity lies not in condemning violence, but in making violence obsolete."  @jamilaraqib
How better tech could protect us from distraction:  @tristanharris 
Clues to prehistoric times, found in blind cavefish:  @PREAUX_FISH 
"Architecture plays a key role in whether a community crumbles or comes together."  @marwa_alsabouni
Virtual reality could have the power to change how we understand each other: 
The birth of virtual reality as an art form:  @milk 
How to get back to nature, anywhere:  @Emma_Marris
This artist uses his voice to challenge what is "normal":  @safwat
What walkways teach us about design:  @thulme 
The Chinese zodiac, explained:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh 
What if technology helped you spend your time well?  @tristanharris
The secret to effective nonviolent resistance:  @jamilaraqib 
Why virtual reality is the last medium for storytelling:  @milk
"If we truly believe in equal rights and equal opportunity in America, we must have real conversations about race." 
The role architecture played in building -- and destroying -- Syria:  @marwa_alsabouni
"Normal is simply a construction of what we've been exposed to, and how visible it is around us."  @safwat
How data from a crisis text line is saving lives: 
Why genetic research must be more diverse:  @KeoluFox
"Indigenous people need to be partners in and not subjects of genetic research."  @KeoluFox
A call for prison reform in spoken word and song:  @johnlegend 
"Talking about virtual reality is like dancing about architecture." 
How a blind astronomer found a way to hear the stars:  
How Syria's architecture laid the foundation for brutal war:  @marwa_alsabouni 
This scientist makes ears out of apples:  @pellinglab 
"90 percent of Americans support expanding Brady background checks to all gun sales."  @Dan_at_Brady #ENOUGH
How VR will change storytelling for good:  @milk
One man’s trash is your next ear implant: 
What it’s like to be an Arab woman in the workplace:  @Leila_Hoteit
Why we should design for disability first: 
Nature is everywhere — we just need to learn to see it:  @Emma_Marris 
Play with your garbage. It’s for science! 
How nonviolence can win a war: 
Darwin, Einstein, and the next big scientific discovery: 
"I am proof that unconditional love and respect can not only save, but can transform lives." 
"Difference of any kind made no difference to the lengths that the rescuers were prepared to go to save my life." 
Lessons from a professional tiny-forest maker:  @shubzsharma
3 reasons why we can win the fight against poverty:  @OneAcreFund 
"No matter how terrible violence is, if people see it as their only choice, they will use it."  @jamilaraqib
When we design for disability, we all benefit:  
Why #Brexit happened — and what to do next:  @alexander_betts 
This mindset can help you make better decisions:  @juliagalef
How to raise kids who love nature:  @Emma_Marris 
"Humanity has already invented effective tools to end poverty. We just need to deliver them."  @OneAcreFund
How losing my hearing turned me into a designer: 
Why you think you're right — even if you're wrong:  @juliagalef 
How to understand #Brexit -- and learn from it:  @alexander_betts
Didn't see #Brexit coming? Here's what you should know:  @alexander_betts
We're gonna need a bigger boat. 
5 TED Talks about what's lurking in the shallows: 
The joy of cosplay:  @donttrythis
Why I keep speaking up, even when people mock my accent:  @safwat
"Costumes are how we reveal ourselves to each other." @donttrythis 
A beautiful performance by @johnlegend to honor Martin Luther King Day: 
What will be the next big scientific breakthrough?  
My love letter to cosplay:  @donttrythis 
7 #TEDTalks to watch when it's too hot to function: 
Why Islamophobia makes the world less safe for all of us: 
This is what stars sound like:  
How rebel scientists can make great leaps forward: 
How we’re fixing India’s broken school system: 
Get in on this tiny jungle party!  @shubzsharma
How computers are learning to be creative:  @blaiseaguera 
How computers are learning to be creative:  @blaiseaguera 
What makes you who you are? A personality scientist explains:  @DrBrianRLittle
3 lessons on success from an Arab businesswoman:  @Leila_Hoteit 
Who are you, really? The puzzle of personality:  @DrBrianRLittle 
3 lessons on balancing career and family:  @Leila_Hoteit
Extroverts, introverts and the puzzle of personality:  @DrBrianRLittle
How to fix a broken education system:  
How to grow a forest in your backyard:  @shubzsharma 
How @Airbnb designs for trust:  @jgebbia 
Penguins love robots, and other tales of underwater exploration: 
"We don't have to live in a world where 99 percent of rapists get away with it."  @JessicaHLadd
"There is great injustice in the daily and disproportionate violence faced by young black men."  #BlackLivesMatter
How we'll resurrect the Tasmanian tiger: 
This ambitious mural can only be seen in full from a nearby mountain:  @elseedart 
"For developing countries, software and space ships may not be as important as taps and toilets."  #WorldToiletDay
The promising and perilous science of gene editing: 
What it feels like to push your mind and body to the limit — deep underwater:  @guillaumenery
This brave woman guides journalists through war-torn Gaza, showing them the untold stories of her home country: 
"Only through thoughtful dialogue about history and race can we evolve as individuals and society."  @sanfordbiggers
These mini-brains can teach us a lot about how our minds work: 
How I'm discovering the secrets of ancient texts:  
The chilling aftershock of a brush with death:  @jpmari000 
Climate change is happening. Here's how we adapt: 
This brave mother guides journalists through the most dangerous war zones in Gaza: 
How we're growing baby corals to rebuild reefs:  @CoralSci 
Would you be brave enough to leap from the stratosphere? This man was: 
These psychedelic sculptures will transport you to new worlds:  
Antibiotics might stop working soon. Here's what that will mean: 
Are we hurtling toward an antibiotic apocalypse? 
Nature is everywhere — we just need to learn to see it:  @Emma_Marris 
What do we do when antibiotics don’t work any more? 
The forgotten history of autism that we need to remember now:  @stevesilberman
"We stand today on the threshold of the post-antibiotic era, when simple infections will kill people once again." 
"Arabic scripts speak to anyone, I believe. And then when you get the meaning, you feel connected to it." 
The future of flying robots:  
I survived a terrorist attack. Here's what I learned:  @MADforpeace 
The sharing economy has the power to revolutionize work -- and transform culture: 
How I found a mythical boiling river in the Amazon:  @georuzo 
How do artists make a living? An ongoing, almost impossible quest:  @monicabyrne13 
A delightful way to design electronics, including a paper piano you can sketch and then play: 
Humans can learn quite a bit from semi-intelligent slime: 
This eye-catching subway installation shows slow-motion portraits of everyday New Yorkers:  
Why the body-bending poses in cat pictures are a huge challenge to AI technology: 
Climate change is happening. Here's how we adapt: 
What will be the next big scientific breakthrough?  
How rebel scientists can make great leaps forward: 
Darwin, Einstein, and the next big scientific discovery: 
"A black baby faces nearly three times the risk of death in its first year of life as compared to a white baby." 
How fireflies use their light to find love and tell lies: 
Shape-shifting tech will change work as we know it:  
Let's be honest, Mars would be a terrible place to live:  @shaka_lulu
Many of the common medicines we take — like everyday aspirin — were only ever tested on men: 
Glow-in-the-dark sharks and other stunning sea creatures:  
"We have to groom our leaders carefully. We can't just leave it to chance." — @FredSwaniker 
This technology could lead to designer babies if we don't take a step back now: 
A moving portrait of powerful black sisterhood: 
How we can save Antarctica, the last pristine continent:  
Why I put myself in danger to tell the stories of Gaza:  
The vast majority of genetic research is done on white Europeans. Why we need more diversity: 
How @Uber is shaping the future of transportation:  @travisk
Who is responsible for global gun violence?  @SamanthaNutt
"Design can overcome our most deeply rooted stranger-danger bias."  @jgebbia @Airbnb
"The greatest hope for humanity lies not in condemning violence, but in making violence obsolete."  @jamilaraqib
"The heat is on!" Inside one of the most exciting, modern adventure stories:  
Should you be able to patent a human gene?  
George Takei shares his experience in a Japanese internment camp -- and explains why he still loves his country: 
"Does it have to take a tragedy or a disaster for us to feel deeply connected as one species, as human beings?" 
This artist uses his voice to challenge what is "normal":  @safwat
The exhilarating peace of freediving:  @guillaumenery 
What it’s like to be an Arab woman in the workplace:  @Leila_Hoteit
3 lessons on balancing career and family:  @Leila_Hoteit
3 lessons on success from an Arab businesswoman:  @Leila_Hoteit 
This paleontologist wants to bring entire species back from the dead: 
How VR will change storytelling for good:  @milk
"It can be vulnerable and exhausting to tell our own stories when it feels like nobody cares." — @AspenBaker 
This startup is making big government much more efficient:  @haleyvandyck
The dawn of the age of holograms:  @akipman 
Why virtual reality is the last medium for storytelling:  @milk
Now you can blow stuff up in science class — from the safety of virtual reality.  @Bodekaer
"I wouldn't wish this gift for you. I'm not sure you'd want it. But I wouldn't change my experience." 
"The biggest animal that ever lived is still alive. It's not a dinosaur; it's a whale." 
"Art cannot change the future, but it can touch the present." 
How I won a Supreme Court case against human DNA patents:  
Let's not use Mars as a backup planet:  @shaka_lulu 
"Separate genders are a constructed fiction. The reality is a gender fluidity that crosses the entire continuum." 
A glimpse of the future through an augmented reality headset:  @merongribetz @metaglasses 
Dive into an ocean photographer's world:  @tompeschak 
The enchanting music of sign language:  @chrisunkim 
Gene drives have the power to override biology — for generations to come: 
Do you experience the world as it really is? Here's how your brain constructs reality:  
This new technology can change an entire species — forever: 
How movies have the power to shape our memories and worldviews: 
"Human beings are works in progress that mistakenly think they're finished." 
Deep under the Earth's surface, discovering beauty and science:  @Cescosauro 
This food computer could change the way we eat:  @calebgrowsfood
16 objects you might find in a pawn shop in 2050:  
How Humans of New York finds such moving, personal stories:  @humansofny
Your kid’s science class may look nothing like yours:  @Bodekaer
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
A shocking, personal look at the dangers asylum seekers face:  
How India will connect a billion new people to the Internet by 2018: 
How one scientist is growing miniature brains in her lab:  
The coolest animal you know nothing about... and how we can save it:  @MediciPatricia 
One of our greatest works of art was not always so beloved: 
Meet the Hubble Space Telescope's photo editor:  
"The baby's brain seems to be the most powerful learning computer on the planet." 
A wearable digestive system, and other mind-blowing new designs: 
My road trip through the whitest towns in America:  @RichBenjaminUSA 
What makes you who you are? A personality scientist explains:  @DrBrianRLittle
Could big government ever be efficient? This startup proves it can:  @haleyvandyck
Awesome ways we use lasers to fight HIV ... and even edit memory: 
What will the future look like? A mind-blowing sneak peek:  
"Was I who I had been before the crash, before this road divided my life like the spine of an open book?" 
We have the power to create disease-resistant mosquitoes that could knock out malaria and Zika. Should we do it? 
"Our communities are so unique and beautiful. They demand us to find ways to be acknowledged and respected." 
"Even as a kid, or maybe even especially as a kid, my voice mattered." 
"Structural racism is baked into America’s national psyche and behavior."  @RichBenjaminUSA
Why we should design for disability first: 
"I am proof that unconditional love and respect can not only save, but can transform lives." 
Camels have been lying to us this entire time.  @latifnasser 
Our brains literally sync up when we listen to each other:  @HassonLab
A cop on what police reform should look like: 
"Motion to try my poor, young black male candidate like a white 75-year-old executive." 
How losing my hearing turned me into a designer: 
9 #TEDTalks to help you understand racism in America: 
I love being a police officer, but we need reform:  
When we design for disability, we all benefit:  
6 #TEDTalks to watch when the Internet is making you mad:  
6 #TEDTalks to help us remember those we've lost:  
12 #TEDTalks that will restore your faith in humanity:  
What happens in your brain when you share a memory with someone else:  @HassonLab
What you learn when you stare into the eyes of a stranger: 
What’s it like to have a song inside your head? A neuroscientist and a songwriter compare notes: 
See your favorite Pixar movies in the making:  @dafeinberg
The mysterious workings of the adolescent brain: 
10 real-life love stories that'll grab you by the heart:  
What making music does to your brain:  
Have we reached the end of physics?  @harryvcliff 
How nonviolence can win a war: 
How to watch a presidential debate (or win it):  @amyjccuddy 
"Normal is simply a construction of what we've been exposed to, and how visible it is around us."  @safwat
Why I keep speaking up, even when people mock my accent:  @safwat
The transformative power of classical music:  @BenjaminZander
"This data is making the world better because I'm sitting on the world's first map of real-time crises." 
When you sneeze on a plane, the airflow helps to spread the germs. How we can change that: 
"I am British. Never before has the phrase 'I am British' elicited so much pity."  @alexander_betts #Brexit
The wonder and humanity of a mural that spans 50 buildings:  @elseedart 
The science behind Pixar’s beloved stories:  @dafeinberg
Didn't see #Brexit coming? Here's what you should know:  @alexander_betts
How to understand #Brexit -- and learn from it:  @alexander_betts
The art and science of space photography:  
What #Brexit reveals about politics today:  @alexander_betts
"Architecture plays a key role in whether a community crumbles or comes together."  @marwa_alsabouni
"Our built environment matters. The fabric of our cities is reflected in the fabric of our souls."  @marwa_alsabouni
The role architecture played in building -- and destroying -- Syria:  @marwa_alsabouni
Why #Brexit happened — and what to do next:  @alexander_betts 
How architecture can bring Syria back together:  @marwa_alsabouni
"What does it do to a child to grow up knowing that you cannot simply be a child?" @ClintSmithIII #BlackLivesMatter 
This is what it's like to grow up as a young black man in America:  #BlackLivesMatter
How Syria's architecture laid the foundation for brutal war:  @marwa_alsabouni 
An ode to grammar nerds — from the Comma Queen herself: 
This man turns juggling into an art form: 
How we could help plants survive a severe drought: 
"Aging is the upward ascension of the human spirit, bringing us into wisdom, wholeness and authenticity." 
"Art can remake one's identity and transform preconceptions." 
How visual effects bring movies to life: 
"I have chosen to stay passionate, engaged with an open heart; I'm working on it every day." 
"The more you look for planets like Earth, the more you appreciate our own planet." 
Design at the intersection of technology and biology:  
What if you could vote in other countries' elections?  
"The world is going to need all of the different kinds of minds to work together." - @DrTempleGrandin 
"Difference of any kind made no difference to the lengths that the rescuers were prepared to go to save my life." 
"We expect more from technology and less from each other." 
A harrowing story of life during the North Korean famine: 
5 #TEDTalks about the genius of babies:  
These two sisters want to make plastic waste a thing of the past: 
"Lying is an attempt to connect our wishes and our fantasies about who we wish we were with what we're really like." 
3 fascinating studies that challenge our assumptions about choice: 
"The most hostile voices represented the parts of me that hurt most profoundly." A story of schizophrenia: 
A deeply personal look at the life of the working homeless: 
"It’s more difficult to donate blood as a gay man in Florida than to buy an assault rifle." 
Your brain uses a quarter of your body's entire energy supply, and it really needs rest. 
"Life is best when it's a bit strange." 
We can now edit our DNA. But should we? 
Yes, your brain does change when you’re composing music: 
The unexpected beauty of everyday sounds:  
Clever business wisdom from a tech genius: 
What are the ethics of using young blood to stop aging?  
Watch these talks before your family asks what you're doing with your life: 
"Tech companies are the world's largest editors. They decide what is too offensive or provocative for you to see." 
"You can always find a shock of beauty and meaning in what life you have left."  @zenhospice
We need to lift outdated restrictions against gay blood donors: 
"The victim of an affair is not always the victim of the marriage." — @EstherPerel 
"My image is already inside the paper. I just have to remove what's not from that story."  
What really matters at the end of life:  @zenhospice 
How does your memory work? 7 #TEDTalks explain: 
Meet the tapir, South America’s cutest prehistoric animal:  
"Thinking about death clarifies your life." How one artist helps you do that:  
Get to know yourself a bit better: 
"Celebrate your own style. Don't draw the way you're being told to draw. Draw the way you're drawing." 
This pill may be a cure for radiation poisoning:  
A shark-deterrent wetsuit (and it's not what you think):  #SharkWeek
This network connects patients suffering from rare disorders with researchers around the world who can help: 
"If you are going to be an ally, I need you to see me." - @ashbeckham 
"There is no art without artists, and there are no artists without compensation." 
Why is it so difficult for writers to earn a living? 
How to not be bitten by a shark:  #SharkWeek
What we know about the genome: 
How to talk about transgender issues: 
This man films one second of his life every day:  #LeapSecond
Astonishing photos of caves made from ice and snow:  
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
A robot that runs and swims like a salamander:  
These powerful photos expose the reality of inequality and harmful environmental toxins: 
Stunning photos show the power of water and how it shapes our world:  
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
Alzheimer’s is not normal aging — and we can cure it: 
"There is always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. If we live out loud, we can trounce the hatred." 
A visual history of inequality in industrial America: 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
Why alone time is an important part of a healthy relationship: 
How to watch a presidential debate:  @amyjccuddy
How lessons from Silicon Valley can make big government much more efficient:  @haleyvandyck
"Breathe slowly, don't try to blink, don't be self-conscious. Be relaxed." 
This is what happens when you lose everything: 
What environmental devastation actually looks like: 
A better way to talk about abortion:  @AspenBaker @ExhaleProVoice
How I teach kids to love science:  @cesarharada 
10 TED Talks on human resources: 
These stunning photos of nature will inspire gratitude: 
"Mathematics is not just solving for x; it's also figuring out why." 
"Visionaries not only believe that the impossible can be done, but that it must be done." 
When was the last time you just let yourself play? 
How caves give astronauts a preview of life in space:  
This documentary takes an unflinching look at honor killings: 
This artist created a sculptural love letter to Spider-Man:  
Thrilling photos taken by a storm chaser:  
A call for prison reform in spoken word and song:  @johnlegend 
An architect's quest to build funky skyscrapers:  
Why you should take the time to find out a trans person’s preferred pronoun: 
“With every user coming online, one new perspective gets added to this global pool of knowledge." 
Thrilling photos taken by a storm chaser:  
Does what you share online reveal more than you think? 
7 #TEDTalks to watch when it's too hot to function: 
Think you can tell if a kid is lying? Think again. 
Is reality all in your mind? 
"Society decides when we are old. But we all feel younger than our real ages." 
The story behind one of our most iconic images of space:  
“A person who feels that they’ve been heard will relax, let their guard down." 
When to take a stand... and when to let it go: 
"You can chase your dreams at any age; you're never too old." 
The story behind one of our most iconic images of space:  
If you don't already love classical music, you will after this talk: 
How germs travel on planes — and how we can stop them:  @RM_Wang 
The way we work is changing forever -- and for the better: 
How smell shapes our perception of the world around us:  
"I'm not scared of being vulnerable; I don't see it as a weakness anymore."  
"Only an estimated 38 percent of the U.S. population is eligible to donate blood." 
"Figuring out how to build a more just world is our work to do and our story to tell." 
How a NASA engineer invented the Super Soaker, and other odd origin stories: 
"Do not think for one minute that because you are who you are, you cannot be who you imagine yourself to be." 
This mindset can help you make better decisions:  @juliagalef
"If ideas matter, openness matters. Ideas can’t be contained by borders. They’re for all of us." 
That's a wrap, folks! Huge thanks for a thought-provoking week. #TEDSummit 
"The opposite of knowledge isn’t always ignorance; it can be wonder or mystery, possibility." @PicoIyer #TEDSummit
"Knowledge is a priceless gift, but the illusion of knowledge can be more dangerous than ignorance." @PicoIyer #TEDSummit
“No matter how much we object to surveillance, it’s not going to go away. We’re way too far in to get out.” @hasanmelahi #TEDSummit
“The biggest information leak in history spawned the greatest journalist collaboration in history.” @RyleGerard on Panama Papers #TEDSummit
This shows how many documents journalists had to parse to break the Panama Papers story. @RyleGerard #TEDSummit 
“Let’s not forget to think before we speak just because we have a screen in front of us.” @ionewells #TEDSummit
“It might make us feel better to contribute to group mourning or outrage, but it won’t actually change anything.” @ionewells #TEDSummit
Clues to prehistoric times, found in blind cavefish:  @PREAUX_FISH 
More favorite sayings from TED's translators!  #TEDSummit 
TED's translators shared their favorite sayings from their cultures! #TEDSummit  
"We’re in the process of building some sort of God. Now's a good time to make sure it’s a God we can live with." Sam Harris on AI #TEDSummit
"It’s ethics all the way down." @zeynep on the complicated problems facing computer science and machine learning today #TEDSummit
“Higher education can be accessible and affordable for refugees; the solution is online learning.” @uopeople #TEDSummit
"Good problem solvers are all pragmatists; they all steal the best answers from wherever they find them." @j_tepperman #TEDSummit
"I believe what comes next is for this generation to let go of fossil fuels for good." @MonicaArayaTica #TEDSummit
"It's time to debunk the myth that a country has to choose between development and clean energy." @MonicaArayaTica #TEDSummit
"The current system is in danger of breaking. We need to give a platform to dreamers who think outside the box." 
Join us on Facebook for a live conversation with @romanmars of @99piorg about podcasts and storytelling!  #TEDSummit
Stunning photos of the ocean's glory -- and horror:  
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse:  
By age two, this prodigy's musical ear had already outstripped that of most adults: 
The inspiring story of the first black woman to earn a PhD in astrophysics from Yale: 
Join us on Facebook for a live chat with @csoghoian and @will_potter on how to protect your data:  #TEDSummit
The stunning life story of a transgender business icon who refused to take no for an answer: 
Why you think you're right — even if you're wrong:  @juliagalef 
Join us on Facebook for a live chat with @nassefi &amp; @melissarfleming on the refugee crisis:  #TEDSummit #WithRefugees
"Listen to understand. By just being there, you may be the turning point they need." 
"We have to call upon politicians and media to drop the language of fear &amp; be far more tolerant of each other." @alexander_betts #TEDSummit
"The fault line of contemporary politics is about those who embrace globalization and those who fear it." @alexander_betts #TEDSummit
"#Brexit highlights, in ways we seem embarrassingly unaware of, how divided our societies are." @alexander_betts #TEDSummit
“Below ground there is this other world of biological pathways that connect trees and allow them to communicate.” Suzanne Simard #TEDSummit
"Innovation, by definition, is inefficient, because you create experiments that fail. Efficiency is for robots." @kevin2kelly #TEDSummit
“Thinking different is the engine of innovation and wealth in this new economy.” @kevin2kelly #TEDSummit
"We think of intelligence as a single dimension. But it’s more of a symphony; there are many types of intelligence." @kevin2kelly #TEDSummit
We have to be more mindful about how our political decisions are affecting people around the world, says @rmack #TEDSummit
When the rich and powerful are the only ones with access to encryption, it becomes a civil rights issue, says @csoghoian #TEDSummit
“Surveillance is a tool. It’s a tool used by those in power used against those who have no power.” @csoghoian #TEDSummit
“I define trust as a confident relationship to the unknown.” @RachelBotsman on trust in the sharing economy #TEDSummit
“If we don't lift up women who play critical roles in movements, we fail to offer role models to future generations.” @juliabacha #TEDSummit
“Movements that welcome women into leadership positions are much more likely to achieve their goals.” @juliabacha #TEDSummit
"Our built environment matters. The fabric of our cities is reflected in the fabric of our souls." @marwa_alsabouni #TEDSummit
"Architecture plays a key role in whether a community crumbles or comes together." @marwa_alsabouni on the Syrian civil war #TEDSummit
“Leading with beauty means rising above what is merely necessary.” @timleberecht #TEDSummit
“Soon the only work left for humans will be the kind that should be done beautifully rather than efficiently.” @timleberecht #TEDSummit
“Nuclear is the safest way to make reliable power. The vast majority of harm is caused by people panicking.” @ShellenbergerMD #TEDSummit
We must provide India and China with fossil fuel alternatives that are viable in their societies, says Joseph Lassiter #TEDSummit
Blockchain is a permanent record of your transactions that lets you avoid big institutions w/o sacrificing trust, says @bwarburg #TEDSummit
"The technology likely to have the greatest impact on the next few decades has arrived: the blockchain." @DTapscott #TEDSummit
Join us now on Facebook for a live Q&amp;A with @DrHelenFisher on how modern technology is changing love:  #TEDSummit
"Dying is not scary. We've been preparing for it our whole lives." 
Can we heal a criminal mind? How psychopaths might be able to develop a moral compass: 
Join us now on Facebook for a live Q&amp;A with @EstherPerel on the future of romantic relationships!  #TEDSummit
Think the government doesn’t get anything done? This startup is changing that: 
Join us now on Facebook for a live Q&amp;A with @elipariser on social media's impact on the US elections!  #TEDSummit
"I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys, because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me." 
How computers are learning to be creative:  @blaiseaguera 
In which we all become vampires. 
How you pick up accents, favorite foods and more -- before you're even born: 
"Where you come from now is much less important than where you're going." 
Why you see the world the way you do: 
8 TED Talks on the importance of play: 
Why we see the world the way we do: 
"I was chained by a metal cable to my bed, so I could do only four small steps. I always dreamt of the fifth one." 
“We have to let children touch nature, because that which is untouched is unloved.” @Emma_Marris on raising kids to protect Earth #TEDSummit
.@indyfromspace launches Global Xplorer — an open platform to discover archaeological sites. Learn more:  #TEDSummit
“It’s going to be a very long time before we figure out how to give pigs wings.” @FeyScientist on CRISPR gene editing progress #TEDSummit
“Dating sites are really introduction sites. The only real algorithm is your human brain.” @DrHelenFisher #TEDSummit
“We are a pair bonding species. I'm not suggesting that we are sexually faithful, but we are built to love.” @DrHelenFisher #TEDSummit
10 TED Talks to help you build a rich, spirited company culture: 
"We have genius in our young people, and we have to unleash it. We have to support them to create and innovate." @NOIweala #TEDSummit
"If you are not investing in Africa, you'll be missing one of the most important emerging opportunities in the world." @NOIweala #TEDSummit
Join us now on Facebook for a live Q&amp;A with drug policy reformer @ethannadelmann:  #TEDSummit
 turns 10 today! @RainnWilson and @ReggieWatts helped us celebrate:  
Follow us on @Snapchat for an exclusive, behind-the-scenes look at #TEDSummit! 
Speed date 10 years of TED's best ideas in this short film, starring @RainnWilson: 
Can you figure out how this magician does his mind-boggling card tricks? 
Join us on Facebook for a live Q&amp;A with @CelesteHeadlee on how to have better conversations:  #TEDSummit
This could help us grow food in a hotter, drier world: 
"45% of patients who are diagnosed with an autoimmune disease are initially told that they are hypochondriacs." @jenbrea #TEDSummit
"Cluster bombs are very dangerous because they kill and maim civilians long after a conflict has ended." @LauraBoushnak #TEDSummit
.@elseedart creates beautiful "calligraffiti" to challenge our assumptions:  #TEDSummit 
What happens when someone sneezes next to you on a plane: 
Only 10% of art school graduates make a living from their artwork: 
"For too long now, children with developmental disorders have suffered from misdiagnosis." 
How a blind astronomer found a way to hear the stars:  
Soon, we won't just be able to copy our organs; we'll be able to enhance them. @EvolvingJuan #TEDSummit
Do you think it’s ethical for humans to change our genetic code and influence evolution? #TEDSummit
The incomparable @veitchtweets returns with more ridiculous spam email adventures. Watch his talk here:  #TEDSummit
How do you study the tiny, invisible parts of the brain? Enlarge them w/ baby diaper polymers. @eboyden3 #TEDSummit 
"Could 'soul' be a matter of being brave enough to be vulnerable?" @accidentaltheo #TEDSummit
"Music is not only an expression of soul; it’s a carrier of it." @accidentaltheo #TEDSummit
"What we see is not universal reality. What we see is a unique, personal reality that is constructed by the brain." @isaaclidsky #TEDSummit
"The roots of altruism and compassion are just as much a part of human nature as cruelty and violence." @aa_marsh #TEDSummit
"If you believe in ideas, you have to believe in openness. Ideas don’t know borders; they’re for the whole world." @TEDchris #TEDSummit
"Most of the events that really matter don’t begin with a bang; they begin with a spark." @TEDchris #TEDSummit
#TEDSummit begins in 3... 2... 1... 
We need to stop thinking of Mars as a place to move after we've messed up Earth: 
The coming revolution in how we work: 
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
Here's who you can thank for modern pain relief: 
This is the Amazon's powerful secret: 
6 TED Talks on how your brain constructs reality: 
Stop scolding parents who don't vaccinate their children. Talk to them instead. 
Glow-in-the-dark sharks are real. Here's what we know about them so far:  #SharkWeek 
How to find the courage to do what you love, even when failure is likely: 
12 TED Talks full of fascinating history:  
I was held hostage for 317 days. Here's what I thought about: 
That sneezy person on the plane doesn't have to infect everyone: 
This DIY kit lets you move someone else's arm...with your brain: 
How different will our bodies be in the future? Here's a sneak peek: 
Did you know that you're 30 times more likely to laugh if you're with somebody else than if you're alone? 
Tune in all week for live conversations with TED speakers at #TEDSummit! RSVP for updates:  
11 TED Talks on how we can redesign humans: 
The nerdy secret behind @DisneyPixar's beautiful animation: 
“If you speak the truth, I will stand with you and so will the world.” 
You can grow new brain cells. Here's how:  
A short, powerful talk about falling in love with science: 
10 things you didn't know about orgasm:  @mary_roach
We're excited to be in Banff for #TEDSummit! Check out the incredible lineup of speakers:  
"You know how exhausting it can be to try to be perfect when you're not, or to be somebody that you aren't?" 
"We're all on a one-way street, and what are we going to do to have no regrets looking back?" 
How to know if your dog really loves you: 
"Home, no matter where you are. That’s what this picture means to me."  
This woman wrote beautiful letters to strangers to fight her depression: 
8 reasons to stop what you're doing and play: 
These weird little critters are still a mystery to scientists:  
Discover what your personal data says about you: 
Easy ways to figure out what's fact and fiction on the Internet: 
"Our moral integrity is our responsibility, and we must be prepared to defend it, even if it's not convenient." 
Scientists may have found the key to eternal youth -- and it's really creepy: 
"The worst day of the week for eating disorders: Monday. The worst time of day for substance abuse: 5am." 
Coloring books are therapeutic, but they're not therapy: 
4 #TEDTalks on overcoming depression:  
"These storms swirl and spin and undulate, with their lava lamp-like mammatus clouds. They become lovely monsters." 
Why teenagers act the way they do: 
Kids these days. 
How to talk to parents who fear vaccines: 
The impact of algorithms on everything from architecture to online dating: 
What are animals thinking and feeling?  @carlsafina 
What walkways teach us about design:  @thulme 
Adults need recess too: 
"Identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most and then build your house right on top of it." 
10 TED Talks for classical music lovers: 
Why medicine often has dangerous side effects for women:  @mcgregormd 
6 TED Talks on the influence of algorithms: 
Act like a kid again -- it's good for your creativity: 
Is there an equation for intelligence? Yes. It’s F = T ∇ Sτ. 
These talks will start your day with a laugh and a dash of inspiration. 
Why trust has become a powerful force in today's economy: 
Depression, the secret we share:  @Andrew_Solomon
"Being absolutely true to yourself is freedom." 
Why your worst deeds don't define you: 
A powerful story of what it means to be a true American: 
This is how habits form — and how to break them: 
3 popular theories about why we sleep: 
This 17-year-old created a new plane airflow system to stop the spread of germs: 
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
"I was the mystery of an anatomy, tightroping between awkward boy and apologetic girl." 
8 TED Talks to help you form better habits: 
"People are not where they live, where they sleep, or what their life situation is at any given time." 
Can we break bad habits by being more curious about them? 
Extroverts, introverts and the puzzle of personality:  @DrBrianRLittle
Who are you, really? The puzzle of personality:  @DrBrianRLittle 
The psychology behind the adult coloring book craze:  
Writer @Andrew_Solomon takes you to the darkest corners of his mind during the years he battled depression: 
"It wasn't until I let go of the life I thought I should have that I was able to embrace the life waiting for me." 
Why teenagers seem so much more impulsive than grown-ups: 
"There’s nothing in the auditory world that is harder for the brain to process than music.” 
"My parents raised me and my siblings in an armor of advice, so that we could be kids, not casket or concrete."  
"We cannot bear a pointless torment, but we can endure great pain if we believe that it's purposeful." 
What are your worst habits? This could help you break them: 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
8 TED Talks on what your data reveals about you: 
"We cannot bear a pointless torment, but we can endure great pain if we believe that it's purposeful." 
This 17-year-old invented a smart way to stop you from getting sick on planes: 
"Monsters exist in all of us; the broken parts of ourselves, sadness, secret shame." 
Why grown-ups love coloring books too:  
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  
Break your worst habits once and for all: 
How we’re fixing India’s broken school system: 
How to fix a broken education system:  
Art that shows we are more than just statistics: 
Why we need to build a world that works for introverts too:  
This mother risks her life every day to tell the stories of Gaza. Here’s why: 
The magic ingredient that brings @DisneyPixar movies to life:  @dafeinberg 
This is what happens inside your brain when you listen to someone else:   @HassonLab
What makes Pixar movies look so real? This is their secret:  @dafeinberg
Are you a bigger grammar nerd than the New Yorker’s Comma Queen? 
A new lie-detection technology that could reveal our hidden emotions: 
This is what makes a Pixar movie look real:  @dafeinberg
"Indigenous people need to be partners in and not subjects of genetic research."  @KeoluFox
Kids are much better liars than you think. See if you can catch them: 
Why we should celebrate when kids start to lie: 
Meet Gaza’s first female “fixer” — a mother with one of the most dangerous jobs in the world: 
This new way to visualize knowledge is changing how we think about the world: 
How your body language shapes who you are:  @amyjccuddy
Why genetic research must be more diverse:  @KeoluFox
There are nearly 36 million people enslaved in the world today. These are their stories: 
10 #TEDTalks on why we do the things we do:  
How smell shapes our perception of the world around us:  
How a single word can change your conversation: 
Is your family driving you nuts? Escape with these talks: 
The value of being uncertain: 
"Embrace your many passions. Follow your curiosity down those rabbit holes." — @emiliewapnick 
Why we must teach our children how to be alone: 
How to speak so that people want to listen:  @juliantreasure
How online shaming destroys lives:  @jonronson
"For too long now, children with developmental disorders have suffered from misdiagnosis." 
Can you tell which poem was written by a computer? 
A boat carrying 500 refugees sunk at sea. The story of two survivors:  #WorldRefugeeDay 
How to help refugees rebuild their world:  @melissarfleming #WorldRefugeeDay
"We can do more than simply helping refugees survive. We can help them thrive."  #WorldRefugeeDay
I survived a terrorist attack. Here's what I learned:  @MADforpeace 
How to heal from difficult experiences... without letting them define you: 
These talks will help you be a better friend to yourself: 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
Weird things we know about the 6,000 miles of road in New York City: 
The scam of college debt: 
"Monogamy used to be one person for life. Today, monogamy is one person at a time." 
Why hearing "you're not there yet" is more helpful than hearing you failed: 
How our education system fails young boys, and what we can do to fix it: 
3 #TEDTalks to watch when you have a big decision to make:  
The quest to be the perfect lover is a modern delusion: 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
How we can free students from crushing college debt: 
6 TED Talks on how algorithms run our lives: 
8 TED Talks to help you figure out who you are: 
What kids can teach us about creativity: 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
A father-daughter bond, one photo at a time:  #FathersDay
5 #TEDTalks to watch when you want to let go of regret:  
Social media can start a revolution -- but real change is harder: 
"Fear means you're not focusing on what you're doing." 
9 #TEDTalks that celebrate sweet dads:  #FathersDay 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think: 
"This is the thing that most of us really want from love: to be known, to be seen, to be understood." — @LenMandy 
"These storms swirl and spin and undulate, with their lava lamp-like mammatus clouds. They become lovely monsters." 
Why you shouldn't try to be the perfect lover:  
Want to break a bad habit? Get curious about it: 
"We fool ourselves into thinking that autism is a 'puzzle' that will be solved by the next medical breakthrough." 
"The only thing that limits us is our imagination." 
"Almost everyone wants more from work than just a paycheck." 
Shocking photos show the true cost of oil:  
Intimate photos of Afghanistan that go beyond the headlines:  
"The best time to work on your marriage is before you have one." 
These 9 paintings have a trippy secret:  
"You don’t need to work for an organization that saves lives to find meaning and purpose in what you do." 
"We need to start judging people by what they do, not what they look like."  
"30 days is just about the right amount of time to add a new habit or subtract a habit from your life." 
8 TED Talks to help you practice patience:  
"If we married for love, what does it mean, now, to be married without love?" 
This brilliant cartoonist pokes fun at gender stereotypes:  @lizadonnelly
How college loans exploit students for profit: 
When procrastinating can be good for you: 
Clever, wise cartoons explore what it means to be a woman:  @lizadonnelly
"You've got to identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most." How to achieve lasting success: 
How Netflix creates hit shows like #OITNB... using lots of data about you:  @_wernicke
"The key to maximizing our talents is for us all to put ourselves in the zone of stimulation that is right for us." 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
"The erotic mind is not politically correct." 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you feel totally burned out: 
"We need to think about how to design social media experiences that promote civility and reward thoughtfulness." 
These jaw-dropping photos show what it's like to surf in the toughest conditions:  
The surprising key to success: 
How a Photoshop wizard creates impossible photos:  
How better tech could protect us from distraction:  @tristanharris 
"The moment kids start to lie is the moment storytelling begins." 
"Complaining is viral misery." 
"Let’s move beyond shallow 'awareness' of autism to appreciate autistic people in the fullness of their humanity." 
How to gain creative confidence:  
These data visualizations are next-level selfies: 
Humans come in all shapes, sizes — and colors:  
Waiting is the worst. These talks will help: 
5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
6 must-read books about psychology, recommended by TED speakers: 
"Unless we give kids tools to build with computers, we are raising only consumers instead of creators."  @lindaliukas
Why we should take our emotional health as seriously as we take our physical health: 
Why the color of your dinner plate matters, and other odd lessons about how we eat: 
"When people have meaningful work, they work harder, smarter, and better." 
"Start thinking of solitude as a good thing. Make room for it." 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
We added math to basketball and made it super nerdy. You're welcome! 
How Netflix creates hit shows like #HouseOfCards... using lots of data about you:  @_wernicke
How frustration can make us more creative: 
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
Restoring the world’s oldest library:  
The birth of virtual reality as an art form:  @milk 
How to be an original thinker:  @AdamMGrant
"When you get rejected, the first thing you should do is to revive your self-esteem, not beat it to a pulp." 
"In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever to remember that life is brief and tender." 
Soon you’ll be able to 3D-print your clothes at home:  @danitpeleg3d
3 tips for dealing with loneliness: 
Want to be an original thinker? Do this:  @AdamMGrant
Why we need a new name for "mental illness": 
Want to eat well? Forget about willpower:  
3 reasons why original thinkers succeed:  @AdamMGrant
A great way to think about setting and achieving goals: 
One in 10 American children is diagnosed with ADHD — but we still don’t understand the disorder: 
Autistic people are not failed versions of “normal”:  @stevesilberman 
Why teenagers seem so much more impulsive than grown-ups: 
Teach girls bravery, not perfection:  @reshmasaujani 
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
"Divorce is intrinsically hard, but our cultural beliefs and attitudes make it even harder than it needs to be." 
How your gut bacteria makes it hard to lose weight: 
"No matter how terrible violence is, if people see it as their only choice, they will use it."  @jamilaraqib
@Samina__S @mashbusiness aww, thanks!
@aweyenberg @TEDchris get back to work, Aaron.
Play with your garbage. It’s for science! 
Join @TEDchris, TED's head curator, in a Twitter chat about public speaking! #BizChat 
One man’s trash is your next ear implant: 
This new research challenges everything we believe about dieting:  
Is there a correlation between your microbiome and your weight? 
How to talk to parents who fear vaccines: 
Tune in now on Facebook for our live conversation with the host of @TEDRadioHour, @guyraz! 
"What goes on elsewhere is very much your business. If you could have a say in that, that’s a good thing." 
This scientist makes ears out of apples:  @pellinglab 
Join us on Facebook at 12:30 PM EST for a conversation with @TEDRadioHour host @guyraz about wisdom and making coffee!
The secret to effective nonviolent resistance:  @jamilaraqib 
These psychedelic sculptures will transport you to new worlds:  
Our refugee system is failing. Here's how we can fix it:  @refugeestudies 
The historical causes of the current refugee crisis: 
The heartbreaking text that inspired a crisis help line:  @nancylublin 
"Not investing in refugees is a huge missed opportunity. The victims of war can hold the keys to lasting peace." 
Watch these adorable robots play follow the leader: 
Norman Lear on living a life of meaning:  @TheNormanLear 
This Twitter meme brought an entire continent together:  @SiyandaWrites
"To walk across a melting ocean of ice is without a doubt the most frightening thing."  
A refugee shares his harrowing near-death experience: 
Why gun violence can't be our new normal:  @Dan_at_Brady #ENOUGH 
“The pessimists and doomsayers who say that the world can’t get better are simply wrong.” — @shepleygreen 
Why we must try to solve the refugee crisis: 
A more humane response to the refugee crisis:  @refugeestudies
Meet the children who are living in refugee camps: 
Refugees have the right to be protected: 
A quick primer on the Chinese zodiac:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh
A highly scientific taxonomy of haters:  @NeginFarsad 
Two nameless bodies washed up on the beach. Here are their stories:  @afjellberg
"Not investing in refugees is a huge missed opportunity. The victims of war can hold the keys to lasting peace." 
A refugee shares why he risked his life to seek asylum: 
"Current politics serves us a mountain of bureaucratic jargon." How we can fix that: 
Every museum you wish you could visit -- in extraordinary detail:  @googlearts
A fun introduction to the Chinese zodiac:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh
“We can bend the arc of human history to compassion and equality." 
"Mathematics allows us to go beyond the intuition and explore territories which do not fit within our grasp." 
How college loans exploit students for profit: 
A provocative talk with a bold call to end the War on Drugs, from drug policy reformist @ethannadelmann: 
"I passionately believe that this violence does not have to be part of the human condition." 
Art that lets you talk back to NSA spies:  
"Congress is almost always the last to wake up and realize that it's on the wrong side of history."  @Dan_at_Brady
12 #TEDTalks that will restore your faith in humanity:  
"Muslims aren't a tumor in the body of America. We're a vital organ." 
"Humanity has already invented effective tools to end poverty. We just need to deliver them."  @OneAcreFund
"#Enough of easy access to guns by the people that we all agree shouldn't have them."  @Dan_at_Brady
3 reasons why we can win the fight against poverty:  @OneAcreFund 
What it's like to be Muslim in America right now:  
Why Islamophobia makes the world less safe for all of us: 
“ISIS has as much to do with Islam as the Klu Klux Klan has to do with Christianity.” 
"How does consuming fear 24 hours a day affect the health of our democracy, the health of our free thought?" 
Explore the world’s greatest art in extraordinary detail:  @googlearts
Are you a hater? These jokes are for you!  @NeginFarsad
The passing of time, caught in a single photo:  @swilkesphoto 
Beautiful photos that take us from day to night:  @swilkesphoto 
"Why are we discovering side effects on women only after a drug has been released to the market?" 
Every piece of art you've ever wanted to see — up close and searchable:  @googlearts 
"This was a person that nobody seemed to be missing. It was an invisible life heading for a nameless grave." 
Step into a matrix of the world’s greatest art:  @googlearts
How we can free students from crushing college debt: 
How the male body became our framework for medical research: 
The perplexing joy of mathematics: 
A smarter, more precise way to think about public health:  @SueDHellmann 
The real harm of the global arms trade:  @SamanthaNutt 
“War is ours. We buy it, sell it, spread it and wage it. We are therefore not powerless to solve it.” 
The enchanting music of sign language:  @chrisunkim 
The scam of college debt: 
This is what a cultural Big Bang looks like:  @googlearts
How I teach kids to love science:  @cesarharada 
The elegance of mathematical randomness: 
A clever new way to solve the world’s most difficult medical problems:  @SueDHellmann
A breakthrough new kind of wireless Internet:  
Why medicine often has dangerous side effects for women:  @mcgregormd 
What every woman needs to know about the medicine she takes: 
This new kind of wireless Internet could get the whole world online: 
Music is all around us. Here’s how to listen for it: 
"This is a story about two questions we all share: what is a better life and what am I willing to do to achieve it?" 
"Hidden mathematical truths permeate our whole physical world." 
How to stay calm when you know you'll be stressed:   @danlevitin 
"Hidden mathematical truths permeate our whole physical world." Inside the thrill of mathematical discovery: 
What's so sexy about math?  
"No free and open society can long sustain this kind of rising economic inequality. It has never happened." 
Are you a hater? These jokes are for you!  @NeginFarsad
A highly scientific taxonomy of haters:  @NeginFarsad 
"Mathematics allows us to go beyond the intuition and explore territories which do not fit within our grasp." 
A prosecutor's vision for a better justice system:  @adamjohnfoss 
"We need to build a future underwater city. Or better yet, a network of them around the world." 
Refugees spend an average of 17 years in exile. Stories of lives in limbo:  
Glow-in-the-dark sharks are real. Here's what we know about them so far:  
What @FCousteau learned from living underwater for 31 days:  
How to help refugees rebuild their world:  @melissarfleming
“GDP is a tool to help us measure economies; it is not a way to measure the quality of our lives.” 
"No person who is fleeing war should ever face a closed border." - @melissarfleming  
"We can do more than simply helping refugees survive. We can help them thrive." 
2041 will mark the end of a 50-year agreement to keep Antarctica free of exploitation: 
A better, safer way to report sexual assault on college campuses: 
"Huge areas of ice are breaking off from Antarctica the size of small nations." 
How barbershops can keep black men healthy — even better than a doctor’s office: 
The beauty of being a misfit:  @LidiaYuknavitch
“Think of the US's drug war not as a rational policy, but as the international projection of a domestic psychosis.” 
How prosecutors can change young lives for the better:  @adamjohnfoss
"I've kept more people out of jail as a prosecutor, and helped them stay out, than I ever could have as a defender." 
How a misfit found her voice:  @LidiaYuknavitch 
The best health advocates for black men? Barbers. 
"Wood gives Mother Nature fingerprints in our buildings." Why we should build wooden skyscrapers: 
How college loans exploit students for profit:  
"Much is to be gained by eBooks, but something is definitely lost: a sensual experience, a little bit of humanity." 
Explorer Mark Plotkin shares his story of rediscovering a lost city in Honduras: 
Black men often trust their barbers more than their doctors. Here’s why: 
Drought? What drought? The perils of water denial:  
A boat carrying 500 refugees sunk at sea. The story of two survivors:  @melissarfleming 
Every year, 2.6 million babies die before they’re one month old. This new solution could help:  @SueDHellmann
Want to treat high blood pressure in black men? Start at the barbershop. 
"Catching cancer early is the closest thing we have to a silver bullet cure against it."   #WorldCancerDay
“The preservation of Antarctica and our survival here on Earth are linked.”  
How the future of architecture will be shaped by...you:  
"You can take away my passport, but you can't take away my experience. Where I'm from comes wherever I go." 
"Each extra dollar of GDP is buying less and less social progress." What we should measure instead: 
"Education allows refugee children to think of their future. Of hope, rather than hatred." 
"There is medical knowledge in the rainforest; treatments for diseases that we don’t yet know about." 
A fun introduction to the Chinese zodiac:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh
A quick primer on the Chinese zodiac:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh
Happy #WorldOceansDay! Here are 10 colorful sea creatures, up close and personal:  
"Nothing else will matter if we fail to protect the ocean. Our fate and the ocean's are one."  #WorldOceansDay
The Chinese zodiac, explained:  @ShaoLan_Hsueh 
So you started a movement on social media. Now what? 
How @instagram is revolutionizing architecture -- and giving you control of how your neighborhood looks: 
"When extra resources are scarce, go within yourself to tap the most abundant resource: human ingenuity." 
This new telescope might show us the beginning of the universe:  
"The future is not fate. We need to have the courage to change." 
The delightful stories behind some of the most iconic book covers of the last few decades: 
"Architecture is about those visceral, emotional connections that we feel to the places we occupy." 
"Mars is the kind of place where you can jump over your car instead of walk around it." 
How we can make the world a better place by 2030:  @shepleygreen 
"The buildings of tomorrow are going to look a lot different than the buildings of today." 
"The laws are ours, and no matter what your ethnicity, nationality, gender, race, they belong to us." 
"If you censor one journalist, it intimidates others, and soon nations are silenced." 
"Sanitation is more about dignity than about human disposal of waste." 
The art of first impressions — in design and life: 
How can we protect cultural diversity? These beautiful music videos offer a solution: 
"We need to be the voice to the voiceless and use the law to protect all of us." 
This is what a cultural Big Bang looks like:  @googlearts
Every piece of art you've ever wanted to see — up close and searchable:  @googlearts 
"We have to be prepared to change our minds." 
Your kids might live on Mars. Here's how they'll survive: 
“Social change is not going to come from knowing more information, but from doing something with it.” 
Why we need to end the War on Drugs: 
Why it's so important to teach the next generation to code: 
A spell-binding journey into the Amazon -- where rivers boil and legends come to life:  @georuzo
The perplexing joy of mathematics: 
How to protect the civil rights of sexual assault survivors:  
The elegance of mathematical randomness: 
The thrill of mathematical discovery: 
"Hidden mathematical truths permeate our whole physical world." Inside the thrill of mathematical discovery: 
Why are thousands of rape kits destroyed? 
The reporting system that sexual assault survivors want:  @JessicaHLadd 
"Hidden mathematical truths permeate our whole physical world." 
What's so sexy about math?  
Incredible new science lets monkeys send thoughts straight into each other's brains: 
"Biodiversity underpins all life on earth, and yet we keep destroying it."  
"We are just scientists. We are paid to be children, to basically go the edge and discover what is out there." 
"Humans will survive no matter what happens on Earth. We will never be the last of our kind." 
"Just like snowflakes, no two pieces of wood can ever be the same anywhere on Earth." 
10 beautiful buildings show the future of architecture:  
Brazil has cut deforestation by 75% in the last 10 years. Here's how they did it: 
These artists paint neighborhoods to give them new life. Hear their funny, inspiring story:  
Don’t ask where I’m from, ask where I’m a local:  @taiyeselasi 
"Today's movements scale up quickly, without the organizational base that can see them through challenges." 
"Mystery demands to be decoded, and when it's done right, we really, really want to." 
This inspiring woman stands up for people who’ve never known justice:  
Military life and acting are more similar than you might think:  
A game-changing approach that could resolve deadly conflict in the Congo: 
"We're going to land on Mars in 2027." Humans are about to become a space-faring species: 
What the people of the Amazon know that you don't: 
"If we want humanity to last forever, we have to colonize the Milky Way." 
"There's only one thing you have to do to create women leaders: let them know that they have what it takes." 
We're one step closer to the day when we can communicate with our minds: 
Why social media activism starts strong then fizzles out:  @zeynep
How Adam Driver is changing entertainment for the Armed Forces — and making it more thoughtful: 
3 ways to create more out of less: 
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
Dive into the world of coding: 
"Private companies are leaping into space and they will be happy to take you to Mars." 
The surprising value of conflict at the office: 
3 ways to judge successful countries (that have nothing to do with wealth): 
"The truth won't set us free until we develop the skills and the moral courage to use it." 
Is coding the next universal language? Here's what you should know: 
"Architects know how to make buildings greener, smarter, friendlier. We've just been waiting for you to want them." 
Social media can start a revolution -- but real change is harder: 
10 ways the world could end (and what we can do about it): 
7 TED Talks on why coding matters: 
A new way to think about home in a global world: 
What does acting have in common with military life? Actor and veteran Adam Driver explains: 
Why it's time to forget the pecking order at work:  @M_Heffernan
"Why some drugs are legal and others aren't has almost nothing to do w/ safety &amp; everything to do w/ who uses them." 
When your boss tells you to stop chatting and get to work, show them this talk: 
How actor Adam Driver went from the Marines to the silver screen: 
"When we dare to create conflict, we enable ourselves and the people around us to do our very best thinking." 
This monkey can send a thought straight to another monkey's brain. Seriously. 
A better way to answer, "Where are you from?" 
Actor Adam Driver was a Marine before his Star Wars fame. He tells the story of his journey: 
"Our desire to alter our state of consciousness may be as fundamental as our desire for food, water, and sex." 
An intimate look at the world's hidden music rituals: 
The hidden force in global economics is something rather unexpected: Love.  
Stuck in the house with restless kids? Watch these talks with them: 
"People around the world are getting better medicine -- but mentally, we're falling apart." 
The secret ingredient that makes some teams better than others:  
"I channel all that anger, all that pain, into advocacy, because I need my pain to be worth something." 
TED's secret to great public speaking: 
This test can detect cancer before you show any symptoms. Watch the first live demo:  
"There are invisible problems all around us -- ones we can solve. But first we need to see them." — Tony Fadell 
Donald Trump is wrong — the California drought is a looming disaster: 
Great designers are really good at this seemingly simple skill: 
7 TED Talks on the thrill of coding:  
A surprising look at PTSD through the eyes of a war journalist:  @sebastianjunger
The passing of time, caught in a single photo:  @swilkesphoto 
Pastel portraits of the vulnerable Arctic:  @ZariaForman
Drawings that show the beauty and fragility of Earth:  @ZariaForman 
How barbershops can keep men healthy:  
"You can find the strange in the familiar, as long as you're willing to look beyond what's been brought to light." 
"Demand more. Vote for the prosecutor who's helping people stay out of jail, not putting them in."  @adamjohnfoss
Why Adam Driver brings theater to the military:  
"Sometimes telling the story is the thing that saves your life."  @LidiaYuknavitch
"I dream of a future where menstruation is not a curse, not a disease, but a welcomed change in a girl's life." 
Talking healthcare in the barber's chair: 
The story of a lifelong misfit:  @LidiaYuknavitch
Who is responsible for global gun violence?  @SamanthaNutt
A hilarious look at how laughter makes us human: 
Why cities rule the world:  
“War is ours. We buy it, sell it, spread it and wage it. We are therefore not powerless to solve it.” 
“Self-expression is just as valuable a tool as the rifle on your shoulder.” — Adam Driver 
The laws that sex workers really want:  @fornicatrix #InternationalSexWorkersDay 
How to find out what matters to you — and then getting started doing it: 
Turn off the lights and turn the volume up.  @KakiKing 
6 TED Talks celebrate that #LoveIsLove:  
Norman Lear on living a life of meaning:  @TheNormanLear 
Uber is coming for your carpool: 
The gigantic animal mystifies scientists: 
"You don't know it yet, but you have the ability to reinvent yourself endlessly. That's your beauty." 
This comic book wants us to talk about periods:  @AditiGP @menstrupedia 
Are you terrible at small talk? This radio host has some advice: 
What LGBT life is like around the world:  #PrideMonth 
A clever new way to solve the world’s most difficult medical problems:  @SueDHellmann
We all want to do work that we love. But how do you find it? 
The choices we make when we fall in love: 
When computers are smarter than we are, will they share our values... or have values of their own? 
Learn how to talk to anyone, anywhere: 
"In India, three out of every 10 girls don't even know what menstruation is at the time of their first period." 
"If you care about gender equality or poverty or migration or public health, then sex worker rights matter to you." 
Doctors know surprisingly little about the risks of mixing medications:  @Rbaltman
This is what you should do with your paycheck:  
No one knows what these 32 ancient symbols mean:  
Worried about smart machines taking over the world? Here's what we need to think about first: 
"Misfit people -- we don't always know how to choose the big thing, even when it's right in front of us." 
The real harm of the global arms trade:  @SamanthaNutt 
What happens when our computers get smarter than we are? 
My journey from Marine to actor:  
3 ways to kill mosquitoes: 
When computers are smarter than we are, will they be on our side? 
The GOP scam that created Donald Trump:  @NickHanauer 
"Once there is super intelligence, the fate of humanity may depend on what the super intelligence does." 
The four main legal approaches to sex work -- and why they don't work: 
How you talk about yourself can predict mental illness:  @mariuchu
This is what happens inside your body when you laugh: 
Can language predict mental illness?  @mariuchu
What’s the difference between falling in love and staying in love?  @LenMandy
The rise of Donald Trump isn't surprising. Here's why:  @NickHanauer
A smarter, more precise way to think about public health:  @SueDHellmann 
"Under the current economic models, even when writers win, they lose."  @monicabyrne13
What happens when a city runs out of room for its dead:  @alisonkilling 
How to protect whistleblowers in the Internet era:  @trevortimm 
"Art cannot change the future, but it can touch the present." 
“What we fear most is that we will be denied the opportunity to fulfill our true potential."  @danpallotta
An artist's odd quest to draw attention to the California Drought:  
Politics are far too divided. How we can bridge the gap: 
The boiling river in the Amazon:  @georuzo 
Why whistleblowers are more vulnerable than ever:  @trevortimm 
A powerful reminder to show compassion during times of conflict. #TEDTalksPBS @ChristianneBoud 
Can we end war? @SamanthaNutt argues that limiting the small arms trade would make a huge difference. #TEDTalksPBS 
Real change can happen without violence. #TEDTalksPBS @jamilaraqib 
We can’t end violence without an alternative. @jamilaraqib on the importance of non-violent action: #TEDTalksPBS 
Watch @SebastianJunger’s full TED Talk on how our lonely society makes it hard to come home from war:  #TEDTalksPBS
War journalist @SebastianJunger argues that our society is to blame for higher rates of PTSD:  #TEDTalksPBS 
Watch Adam Driver’s full TED Talk about his journey from Marine to actor here:  #TEDTalksPBS
Adam Driver brings theater and the arts to the Armed Forces. #TEDTalksPBS 
Tune in now to watch TED Talks: War and Peace on @PBS! We’ve got a great show for you tonight. #TEDTalksPBS
Join us for an hour of thought-provoking storytelling about war and peace, tonight at 9PM EST on @PBS! #TEDTalksPBS
This floating village is built entirely on the water:  
How iconic movies bring us into a shared world: 
Art that shows the urgency of climate change:  @ZariaForman
"Artists should stop trying to win the game, and start trying to change the game."  @monicabyrne13
"Stereotypes are holding women back from leadership roles all over the world." A Q&amp;A with Sheryl Sandberg: 
Pirates, nurses and other rebel designers:  @alicerawsthorn 
This virtual lab will revolutionize science class:  @Bodekaer 
Does modern life make PTSD worse?  @sebastianjunger
7 beautiful GIFs of creatures that light up the ocean:  
Our lonely society makes it hard to come home from war:  @sebastianjunger 
A thought-provoking look at why soldiers miss war: 
How the arts can help people in the military:  #MemorialDay
Good news in the fight against pancreatic cancer:  @LauraIndolfi 
Feeling sleepy at work? Why your office might need less light, not more: 
What @Uber’s vision for the future looks like:  @travisk
"North America does not need more walls; it needs more connections."  @paragkhanna
Too often, sexual assault survivors aren't informed of their rights. This bill can help:  
How organ donation gave my son's short life new meaning:  @SGrayDC
We can now change entire species at will. Should we? 
Gene editing can now change an entire species — forever:  @JenniferMKahn 
A bold plan to transform the Sahara desert by turning sand dunes into architecture:  
Gorgeous photos of underwater sculptures, teeming with life:  
How we can design with the blind in mind: 
These butterflies may help us find life-saving medicines: 
How our buildings can be designed to make dying a better experience: 
Is your family driving you nuts? Escape with these talks: 
8 #TEDTalks to watch when your family is driving you nuts:  
How great design uses darkness to balance out the light:  
Astonishing photos of caves made from ice and snow:  
Skyscrapers are boring. One architect against the tyranny of the tower:  
"Putting the right tools in the hands of more people could create more scientific discoveries." 
19 photos of human ingenuity at its finest:  
Striking photos of creative homes in unexpected places:  
The promise of the all-electric racing car: 
Why great architecture should tell a story:  @BuroOleScheeren 
How procrastination makes us spectators in our own lives: 
How to spot a liar with tell-tale verbal clues:  via @TED_ED
An architect's quest to build funky skyscrapers:  
Stunning sculptures by a wildly inventive artist:  
The story behind one of our most iconic images of space:  
A journey into the world's oldest and must puzzling caves:  
A shocking, personal look at the dangers asylum seekers face:  
"With the right design, sustainability is nothing but the rigorous use of common sense." 
Why we should combine art and science: 
Imagine a world where apartment buildings looked like this:  
How bacteria can help transform the harsh Sahara desert: 
These Gummi Bears are on a mission to make you think:  
"If you want to go out and start your own cemetery, you kind of can." 
How to spot a liar: 
My journey from Marine to actor:  
These beautiful infographics are changing how we read information: 
How money makes you mean: 
Does money make you mean? The psychology of getting rich: 
How to beat loneliness:  @GuyWinch 
This brilliant architect can fix any problem using one simple way of thinking:  
How to build a school that lets kids be kids: 
7 ways to practice emotional first aid: 
7 ways to practice emotional first aid:  
Why rejection hurts so much — and what to do about it:  
How to create more medical breakthroughs? Get everyone on board:  
A cup of tea with Oliver Sacks:  
How to recover when you feel rejected or lonely: 
"Medical innovation will be transformed when tools for discovery are in the hands of the people." 
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why: 
The best health advocates for black men? Barbers. 
“Self-expression is just as valuable a tool as the rifle on your shoulder.” — Adam Driver 
Why I bring theater to the military:  
How we’ll survive on Mars: 
How fireflies use their light to find love: 
"You show me a highly unequal society, and I will show you a police state or an uprising." 
Watch tiny robots do an adorable robot dance: 
The most mysterious star in the universe:  
This man turns juggling into an art form: 
What does justice really mean? This prosecutor has a new definition: 
"Our communities are so unique and beautiful. They demand us to find ways to be acknowledged and respected." 
Talking healthcare in the barber's chair: 
"The gray areas are where you find the complexity, the humanity, and the truth." 
A new superweapon in the fight against cancer:   
A delightful ode to language by the ultimate word-lover:  #SpellingBee
12 TED Talks for people who love words:  #SpellingBee 
More than you ever needed to know about sex in the animal kingdom: 
1 in 5 vegetative patients might be conscious. Here's how we can find them: 
How do artists make a living? An ongoing, almost impossible quest:  @monicabyrne13 
How barbershops can keep men healthy:  
The unexpected benefit of celebrating failure:  @astroteller 
Could politics be a true competition of ideas? Maybe, if we work together. 
How to create an organization where people feel comfortable working on big, risky projects: 
7 TED Talks for your inner activist:  
"Great dreams aren't just visions, they're visions coupled to strategies for making them real."  @astroteller
Believe it or not, you should celebrate when your kid starts to lie to you: 
How to re-launch your career after taking a break from work: 
Inside Google's "moonshot factory," an experimental team to solve the world's biggest problems: 
"We need to start judging people by what they do, not what they look like."  
Do you ever procrastinate? This talk is for you: 
This star is an unsolved mystery. We’re not ruling out aliens: 
Humans come in all shapes, sizes — and colors:  
This is how a master procrastinator's mind works:  @waitbutwhy
This master procrastinator is the king of Internet rabbit holes. 
Don’t panic if you catch your child lying – it’s actually a good thing: 
7 TED Talks to help you discover your inner activist: 
Pastel portraits of the vulnerable Arctic:  @ZariaForman
This model offers a sobering look at what beauty can buy you: 
This model offers a sobering look at the cost of a beauty-driven society: 
The economic case for paid family leave:  @jessicashortall
How @Uber is shaping the future of transportation:  @travisk
An artist's unflinching look at racial violence:  @sanfordbiggers 
The dawn of the age of holograms:  @akipman 
How my son's short life made a lasting difference:  @SGrayDC 
These powerful, paper microscopes could revolutionize healthcare in developing countries:  
The chilling aftershock of a brush with death:  @jpmari000 
How sliced bread caught on, and other stories of ideas that get people talking: 
Does dreaming big distract us from what really matters?  @danpallotta
What happens when companies make helping people a priority: 
How to make filthy water drinkable -- and save millions of lives:  
An unlikely hero for women in business shares how she rose to the top: 
“If the song of my heart ceases to play, can I survive in the silence?" @shondarhimes 
This tiny particle could hunt down tumors in your body: 
4 powerful poems about Parkinson's and growing older:  @TheRobinMorgan 
"Aging is the upward ascension of the human spirit, bringing us into wisdom, wholeness and authenticity." 
The story of a lifelong misfit:  @LidiaYuknavitch
A better way to treat pancreatic cancer:  @LauraIndolfi
Your words may predict your future mental health:  @mariuchu 
"We have an oversimplified and increasingly outmoded view of the biological basis of psychiatric disorders." 
How to turn a video game controller into a multi-touch digital whiteboard, and other fun hacks: 
The way we think about work is broken:  @BarrySch 
"If you’re willing to die for someone, it’s clearly a form of love, and it’s the core reason that men miss war." 
How to stand out at your new office: 
"The world is going to need all of the different kinds of minds to work together." - @DrTempleGrandin 
This is what it feels like to live with schizophrenia: 
"Listen to understand. By just being there, you may be the turning point they need." 
This week, stop multi-tasking and try this instead: 
"How is it that we allow the majority of people on the planet to do work that is meaningless and soul-deadening?" 
How my mind came back to life — and no one knew:  @martinpistorius 
.@Uber wants to make carpooling cool again:  @travisk
A radical vision for work that doesn't control your life: 
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you're stuck in a rut: 
How a misfit found her voice:  @LidiaYuknavitch 
9 #TEDTalks about the importance of self-care:  
"The schizophrenic mind is not split, but shattered." What it feels like to have a psychotic episode: 
"If the monster wants you, the monster's gonna get you." 3 ways to strengthen yourself against dementia: 
"Society decides when we are old. But we all feel younger than our real ages." 
This is what makes us suffer at work: 
3 ways to build a better, less selfish society: 
Depression, the secret we share:  @Andrew_Solomon
This new kind of wireless Internet could get the whole world online: 
11 TED Talks by people with jobs you never knew existed:  
A breakthrough new kind of wireless Internet:  
Writer @Andrew_Solomon takes you to the darkest corners of his mind during the years he battled depression: 
"We cannot bear a pointless torment, but we can endure great pain if we believe that it's purposeful." 
Why we should listen, learn... and then lead: 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
"23% of new working mothers in America will be back on the job within two weeks of giving birth." 
"Gradually, my awareness started to return. But no one realized that I had come back to life." 
"There is recovery. There is redemption." How one man recovered from a seemingly incurable depression: 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
4 #TEDTalks on overcoming depression:  
The extraordinary lessons one woman learned from her autistic brothers: 
"There's a very thin dividing line between success and failure." - @richardbranson 
This tech demo is a true TED classic: 
"The stark reality hit me that I was going to spend the rest of my life locked inside myself, totally alone." 
What makes a company successful? These talks explain:  
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
How the world looks to a man with autistic savant syndrome: 
"Almost everyone wants more from work than just a paycheck." 
5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
Why we need to talk about depression: 
"My personality was entombed within a seemingly silent body, a vibrant mind hidden in plain sight." 
Rejected projects from Google's R&amp;D department: 
Why we need a new name for "mental illness": 
The laws that sex workers really want:  @fornicatrix 
Why aren't you moving up at work? The career advice you probably didn’t get: 
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and trust." 
Want to be happy? Slow down:  
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
Why we should stop trying to raise happy children: 
How we can nurture and celebrate different ways of thinking: 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
5 tips for millennials just starting their careers: 
Why sex for money should be decriminalized -- and protected:  @fornicatrix
Want a more productive team? Stop measuring productivity: 
"The world I believe in is one where we're measured by our ability to overcome adversities, not avoid them." 
"Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure." 
Why some of us don't have one true calling:  @emiliewapnick 
7 TED Talks on how to be smart about your money:  
This teen's invention can be a huge help for Alzheimer's patients and their caregivers:  
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
These great books offer a blueprint for bold leadership: 
I'm a sex worker. Here’s what we really need:  @fornicatrix 
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
A lovely reminder that your depth of character is just as important as your accomplishments: 
Why we should take our emotional health as seriously as we take our physical health: 
"If you tell people you're depressed, everyone runs the other way." Let's end the stigma. 
"Most people contemplating suicide wouldn't think of hurting another person; they just want their own pain to end." 
7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health: 
How free is our freedom of the press?  @trevortimm 
3 TED Talks to end the silence around suicide:  
How should we talk about mental health? Thoughtful ideas from experts: 
The visceral trauma of racial violence, cast in bronze:  @sanfordbiggers
A sci-fi vision of love from the near future:  @monicabyrne13
"Design can overcome our most deeply rooted stranger-danger bias."  @jgebbia @Airbnb
A sci-fi vision of love from a 318-year-old hologram:  @monicabyrne13 
Gene drives could eliminate disease -- or destroy everything: 
An ode to rebel designers:  @alicerawsthorn
Can you really tell if a kid is lying?  
Racial violence, cast in bronze, etched in glass:  @sanfordbiggers 
This tiny particle could roam your body to find tumors:  
Does modern life make PTSD worse?  @sebastianjunger
Let’s dream big for the present -- not just the future:  @danpallotta
Why the best designers are rebels:  @alicerawsthorn
How to protect the civil rights of sexual assault survivors:  
The next quantum leap in science education:  @Bodekaer
Why sex for money should be decriminalized -- and protected:  @fornicatrix
I'm a sex worker. Here’s what we really need:  @fornicatrix 
This is your brain on listening:  @HassonLab
What if you could see and shape your dreams? Now you can: 
7 TED Talks on how DNA works:  
What we know about DNA, the unique code that creates life as we know it:
 
The laws that sex workers really want:  @fornicatrix 
A powerful case for organ donation:  @SGrayDC
This patch traps tumors before they can spread:  @LauraIndolfi
This scientist can hack your dreams:  
This is your brain on conversation:  @HassonLab
Dream control is possible now. Here’s how: 
Kids are better liars than you think. 
Why video games shouldn’t freak parents out:  
7 TED Talks to watch when you want to break out of your shell:  
Your kid's a liar -- and that’s a good thing: 
The emotional cost of trying to change the world: 
Our lonely society makes it hard to come home from war:  @sebastianjunger 
Politics are far too divided. How we can bridge the gap: 
The secrets I find on the mysterious ocean floor:  
Join us now on Facebook for a live conversation with dinosaur hunter @kenlacovara! 
Why commas matter, and other grammar stories from the @NewYorker: 
Have questions for a dinosaur hunter? Tune in on Facebook at 2:15 PM EST for our chat with @kenlacovara: 
Let puppies teach you complexity theory:  
A better way to treat pancreatic cancer:  @LauraIndolfi
Can couples heal from infidelity? 
"It's all the unanswered questions that make mathematics a living subject." The fascinating riddle of symmetry: 
"Equations and symbols aren't just things. They're a voice that speaks out about the incredible richness of nature." 
"The world has changed from analog to digital." Why we should teach statistics before calculus: 
Why statistics are so persuasive... and misleading:  via @TED_ED
Infidelity is more complicated than you think: 
The grammar lesson you wish you’d gotten in high school: 
11 TED Talks by brilliant #WomenInSTEM: 
6 TED Talks on how algorithms run our lives: 
The archaic grammar that true nerds love: 
"One of the problems with school math is it doesn't look at how math is embedded in the world we live in." 
"I teach high school math. I sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it." 
The math of history shows deep underlying patterns: 
Good news in the fight against pancreatic cancer:  @LauraIndolfi 
The secret creative life of the comma: 
How copy editors protect writers from themselves: 
"Only through thoughtful dialogue about history and race can we evolve as individuals and society."  @sanfordbiggers
Rejoining the workforce? Here's what you should know:  @iRelaunch
"The heat is on!" Inside one of the most exciting, modern adventure stories:  
A moving portrait of powerful black sisterhood: 
The mysterious world of underwater caves:   @jillheinerth 
"Each one of us is more than what we have lived through. Especially trafficking survivors." 
How fireflies use their light to find love and tell lies: 
This dinosaur hunter has a beautiful message about our place in the universe:  @kenlacovara
A glimpse of the future through an augmented reality headset:  @merongribetz @metaglasses 
An adorable father-daughter dance at Richmond City Jail:  
These mushrooms offer a unique way to help struggling farmers... and fight climate change:  
"Art cannot change the future, but it can touch the present." 
What if you could see and shape your dreams? Now you can: 
Dream control is possible now. Here’s how: 
This scientist can hack your dreams:  
How global citizens help drive change:  @Hughcevans #GlobalCitizen
Treat yourself to a night at the jazz club: 
A captivating story can change the way we see the world. These talks explore how: 
A hilarious call for us to save the word "awesome" for things that truly inspire awe: 
These butterflies may help us find life-saving medicines: 
The making of a #GlobalCitizen:  @Hughcevans
What does justice really mean? This prosecutor has a new definition: 
How our brains sync up during conversation:  @HassonLab
14 TED Talks on the reality of war:  
6 #TEDTalks on remembering those we've lost:  
Why not knowing who owns and controls companies is a huge problem:  #AntiCorruption
2041 will mark the end of a 50-year agreement to keep Antarctica free of exploitation: 
11 TED Talks on issues that matter in the US election:  
"The gray areas are where you find the complexity, the humanity, and the truth." 
A new superweapon in the fight against cancer:   
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
We need to stop thinking of Mars as a place to move after we've messed up Earth: 
Watch these talks before your family asks what you're doing with your life: 
Gorgeous photos of underwater sculptures, teeming with life:  
Music is all around us. Here’s how to listen for it: 
99 percent of rapists get away with it. That doesn't have to be the case. 
5 ways to be a better human at the zoo:  
10 TED Talks to help you survive the apocalypse:  
Could politics be a true competition of ideas? Maybe, if we work together. 
This artist is making a powerful statement about the world's future: 
"The media have to decide: Do they see their role as being to inflame or to inform?" 
11 must-see #TEDTalks:  
9 #TEDTalks for your inner child:  
These talks can help you fine-tune your composure in the face of frustration: 
Can you tell which poem was written by a computer? 
"We need to think about how to design social media experiences that promote civility and reward thoughtfulness." 
"Machine intelligence is the last invention that humanity will ever need to make." 
"Great dreams aren't just visions. They're visions coupled to strategies for making them real." @astroteller 
This is what enduring love looks like:  
11 TED Talks on how we can redesign humans: 
10 ways the world could end (and what we can do about it): 
7 TED Talks to help you give thanks: 
"Humor is such a powerful game-changer." 
You only wish you could procrastinate as well as this guy. 
If you take more than one medication, you should know this:  @Rbaltman
Want to have better conversations? These TED Talks will help: 
Why jealousy is so powerful: 
Growing up with this increases your risk for 7 leading causes of death in the United States: 
How language can affect the way we think:  
The nit-picking glory of The New Yorker's Comma Queen: 
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  
"It’s always been a dream of mine to have done a TED Talk in the past.”  @waitbutwhy
"How does consuming fear 24 hours a day affect the health of our democracy, the health of our free thought?" 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
The beautiful math behind the world's ugliest music: 
"Trust requires an intelligent judgement." How to be smart about who you trust: 
Inside the mind of a master procrastinator:  @waitbutwhy 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
Which country does the most good for the planet? You might be surprised:  
Does the media have a responsibility to give you what you need or what you want? 
Skyscrapers are boring. One architect against the tyranny of the tower:  
8 TED Talks to watch when you're just done with Earth:  
Can you really tell if a kid is lying?  
4 inspiring kids imagine the future of learning: 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
7 TED Talks on humanity’s relationship with water:  
8 TED Talks for jazz lovers:  
What happens in your brain when you listen:  @HassonLab
This infographic can help you understand why the #PanamaPapers matter:  
How the languages we speak affect the way we think: 
10 colorful sea creatures, up close and personal:  
"Scrappers are propelled by the belief that the only person you have full control over is yourself." 
A travel writer shares his tips for flying without all the stress: 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
9 ways to stay relaxed as you travel:  
Fairy tales as you've never seen them before:  
Put on your safety goggles and join us in the lab -- it's time for weird science. 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think: 
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  
8 TED Talks to inspire projects with kids:  
8 TED Talks to help you practice patience:  
Waiting is the worst. These talks will help: 
5 TED Talks on extremely weird science:  
This tiny particle could roam your body to find tumors:  
5 TED Talks to help you let go of regret: 
The inconvenient truth about love — and divorce:  
8 TED Talks for the thoughtful traveler:  
How anonymous companies fuel corruption:  via @TED_ED #AntiCorruption
Why dirty money is far too easy to hide:  #AntiCorruption 
The visceral trauma of racial violence, cast in bronze:  @sanfordbiggers
What their resume won't tell you: 
10 research tips for finding answers online: 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
"If we married for love, what does it mean, now, to be married without love?" 
6 TED Talks to watch before a job interview:  
3 ways to recover from rejection: 
11 beautiful bits of advice on how to wake up your creative genius: 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list: 
Why you should hire the underdog: 
An artist's unflinching look at racial violence:  @sanfordbiggers 
5 #TEDTalks full of weird facts about sex:  
The last interview with Oliver Sacks:  
How to crush that scary job interview: 
Huge, intricate patterns carved into the snow:  
Here's why coloring books are so therapeutic -- no matter your age:  
Looking for a great hire? Don't go for the perfect resume: 
11 beautiful bits of advice on how to wake up your creative genius: 
45 must-listen podcasts to freshen up your commute:  
4 reasons to get excited about math: 
"I have loved and been loved. I have been given much and I have given something in return." — Oliver Sacks 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
Hunting for dinosaurs showed me our place in the universe:  @kenlacovara 
"This insistence by adults that boys want only boy things ultimately damages girls. But it hurts boys too." 
Why the best hire might not have the perfect resume:  
10 TED Talks to watch when you've just finished a good book:  
"Fear is the oldest, deepest and least subtle part of our emotional life, and so therefore it’s boring." @GilbertLiz 
This is how ISIS makes money: 
This is your brain on communication:  @HassonLab 
Choose the new hire who has overcome adversity, not the one with the perfect resume: 
One in 10 American children is diagnosed with ADHD — but we still don’t understand the disorder: 
The rise of Donald Trump isn't surprising. Here's why:  @NickHanauer
How we're finding common ground in the movement to end gun violence:  @Dan_at_Brady #ENOUGH
We can now change entire species at will. Should we? 
Can other planets support life? How we find out:  @aomawa
Should you be able to patent a human gene?  
How we'll survive if wheat, corn and rice crops are destroyed by climate change: 
The secrets corals keep about our ocean's history: 
4 ways we can avoid a catastrophic drought:  @water4point0 
How we'll find life on other planets:  @aomawa 
What it feels like to push your mind and body to the limit — deep underwater:  @guillaumenery
Refugees have the right to be protected: 
Why we must try to solve the refugee crisis: 
The strange new challenge of burying our dead:  @alisonkilling
How #IfAfricaWasABar brought a continent together:  @SiyandaWrites
Let's design social media that drives real change:  @Ghonim 
How I'm discovering the secrets of ancient texts:  
How death shapes our cities:  @alisonkilling
"If you live with your head in the clouds every now and then, it helps you keep your feet on the ground." 
Gene drives could eliminate disease -- or destroy everything: 
This is what it takes to be a great leader:  
Gene editing can now change an entire species — forever:  @JenniferMKahn 
How young Africans found a voice on Twitter:  @SiyandaWrites 
A funny, strange look at how we bury our dead: 
How #IfAfricaWasABar brought a continent together:  @SiyandaWrites
How you can make a difference by investing in companies that champion social values and sustainability: 
Our refugee system is failing. Here's how we can fix it:  @refugeestudies 
A taboo-free way to talk about periods:  @AditiGP @menstrupedia 
"No matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal." 
How movies have the power to shape our memories and worldviews: 
Watch these adorable robots play follow the leader: 
What you learn when you stare into the eyes of a stranger: 
A more humane response to the refugee crisis:  @refugeestudies
Meet the dazzling flying machines of the future:  
The historical causes of the current refugee crisis: 
The secrets I find on the mysterious ocean floor:  
"As a trans person, public bathrooms are where I am most likely to be questioned or harassed." @ivancoyote 
Shape-shifting tech will change work as we know it:  
Meet the mother whose son inspired the Ice Bucket Challenge: 
These horrifying stories from new mothers will change how you think about family leave: 
8 TED Talks by fierce moms:  #MothersDay
6 curious kids interview their moms about life and love at @StoryCorps:  #MothersDay 
A funny, high-energy ode to mothers everywhere: 
Listen to a heartwarming interview between @TEDPrize winner @DaveIsay and his mother, Jane: 
"23% of new working mothers in America will be back on the job within two weeks of giving birth." 
The boiling river in the Amazon:  @georuzo 
Governments don't understand cyber warfare. We need hackers:  @rodrigobijou 
Special Olympics let me be myself — a champion:  
This woman led the most important climate agreement in history. Here's how she did it:  
Have we reached the end of physics?  @harryvcliff 
"All societies will be multiethnic, multicultural, multi-religious in the future." 
How refugees can help your country thrive:  @refugeestudies
The exhilarating peace of freediving:  @guillaumenery 
These psychedelic sculptures will transport you to new worlds:  
An architect asks: How should we bury our dead?  @alisonkilling
An art made of trust, vulnerability and connection:  
"Clouds are the most egalitarian of nature's displays, because we all have a fantastic view of the sky." 
How I won a Supreme Court case against human DNA patents:  
How I took on the gene patent industry -- and won:  
This is how a driverless car sees the road: 
What I learned about economics when I sailed solo around the world: 
A beatboxing lesson from a father-daughter duo:  @RealNicoleParis 
"@SpecialOlympics teaches the world that people with intellectual disabilities deserve respect and inclusion." 
How yarn bombing grew into a worldwide movement:  
A spell-binding journey into the Amazon -- where rivers boil and legends come to life:  @georuzo
Why anti-Muslim hate speech is the best propaganda for terrorists: 
A jaw-dropping look at the future of devices: 
A sci-fi vision of love from the near future:  @monicabyrne13
"Let’s move beyond shallow 'awareness' of autism to appreciate autistic people in the fullness of their humanity." 
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
"Spoken word poetry cracks open locks." — @kaysarahsera 
The next quantum leap in science education:  @Bodekaer
"We're creating this incredibly rich digital archive that's going to live in the cloud years after we're gone." 
"These storms swirl and spin and undulate, with their lava lamp-like mammatus clouds. They become lovely monsters." 
What happens to your body when you dive deep underwater: 
This beautiful talk will show you what it feels like to dive hundreds of feet underwater -- without equipment: 
How to make a profit while making a difference: 
Why we need gender-neutral bathrooms: 
Government must give up control to keep us safe online: 
"Breathe slowly, don't try to blink, don't be self-conscious. Be relaxed." 
The brain may be able to repair itself — with help:  
We are unprepared for the digital age of conflict: 
The incredible ways your body changes when you dive deep underwater: 
How a driverless car avoids accidents: 
"We fool ourselves into thinking that autism is a 'puzzle' that will be solved by the next medical breakthrough." 
These are the ingredients of a great conversation: 
10 ways to have a better conversation: 
The four fish we're overeating — and what to eat instead:  @4fishgreenberg 
How to break a bad habit -- for good: 
The forgotten history of autism that we need to remember now:  @stevesilberman
What makes a good life? Lessons from the longest study on happiness: 
Autistic people are not failed versions of “normal”:  @stevesilberman 
This 75-year-old study shows what leads to a happy life:  #InternationalDayOfHappiness
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
A simple way to break a bad habit: 
Does dreaming big distract us from what really matters?  @danpallotta
The emotional cost of trying to change the world: 
A sci-fi vision of love from a 318-year-old hologram:  @monicabyrne13 
Why you should care about whale poo:  @ashadevos
Human trafficking is all around you. This is how it works: 
Let’s dream big for the present -- not just the future:  @danpallotta
How prosecutors can change young lives for the better:  @adamjohnfoss
10 #TEDTalks about co-existing peacefully with robots: 
A cop on what police reform should look like: 
Would you be brave enough to leap from the stratosphere? This man was: 
"The last thing I remember was lying on a white blanket, telling my surgeon to please try and save my voice." 
Prosthetic limbs are uncomfortable. Here's how we can fix them: 
"There are many ways that we betray our partner: with contempt, with neglect, with indifference, with violence." 
"Arabic scripts speak to anyone, I believe. And then when you get the meaning, you feel connected to it." 
"88% of working mothers in the United States will not get one minute of paid leave after they have a baby." 
Why every city needs healthy honey bees: 
The wonder and humanity of a mural that spans 50 buildings:  @elseedart 
This ambitious mural can only be seen in full from a nearby mountain:  @elseedart 
The dawn of the age of holograms:  @akipman 
@brandyrbarnes we might have some ideas! 
“What we fear most is that we will be denied the opportunity to fulfill our true potential."  @danpallotta
The dream we haven't dared to dream:  @danpallotta 
How to engineer the human body for life in space: 
You have no idea where camels really come from:  @latifnasser 
To celebrate #TeacherAppreciationWeek, the @TED_ED staff reflects on the teachers who shaped them: 
What it's like to be Muslim in America right now:  
About 10,000 people a month Google the phrase, “Am I ugly?” 
"Muslims aren't a tumor in the body of America. We're a vital organ." 
How to run and reinvent your company at the same time: 
How the male body became our framework for medical research: 
Why Islamophobia makes the world less safe for all of us: 
How to get back to work after a career break:  @iRelaunch 
"We need to think about how to design social media experiences that promote civility and reward thoughtfulness." 
Two reasons companies fail — and how to avoid them:  
A delightful conversation about the joy of long-term friendship: 
This talk is a must-watch for every working parent: 
An electrifying beatbox performance: 
12 TED Talks for people who love words:  
.@Uber's plan to get more people into fewer cars:  @travisk 
9 TED Talks from inspiring teachers:  #TeacherAppreciationWeek
Pirates, nurses and other rebel designers:  @alicerawsthorn 
"We all wind up traveling through life, trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything." 
How to speak so that people want to listen:  @juliantreasure
10 TED Talks to inspire lively conversation: 
Why jealousy is so powerful: 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
10 #TEDTalks to help you shake off rejection:  
What their resume won't tell you: 
"If we married for love, what does it mean, now, to be married without love?" 
This artist matches your skin tone to Pantone colors to celebrate the true colors of human skin:  @angelicadass
How messy problems can inspire creativity:  @TimHarford 
How to gain creative confidence:  
"Divorce is intrinsically hard, but our cultural beliefs and attitudes make it even harder than it needs to be." 
"Silence is the residue of fear." 
6 must-read books about psychology, recommended by TED speakers: 
Want to practice gratitude? Start with these talks: 
Should we donate money directly to the poor? A convincing case that yes, we should: 
The surprising habits of original thinkers:  @AdamMGrant 
What do you want to know about public speaking? Tell us and our curators will answer on Facebook Live today!
"We often think of fear as a weakness, but what if we thought of it as an amazing act of the imagination?" 
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
The how-to's of powerful speaking — from handy vocal exercises to tips on speaking with empathy: 
How my son's short life made a lasting difference:  @SGrayDC 
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
"Disability in our age should not prevent anyone from living meaningful lives." 
This problem has killed more people than every 20th century war combined: 
How we can break the cycle of violence -- and stop young people from joining terrorist groups: 
Art that uses data to show the human experience: 
The warfare tactic that crushed cities (but not spirits): 
The new intelligent design is all about science:  @EvolvingJuan
I didn’t think we’d solve climate change. Then I brokered the Paris agreement:  @CFigueres 
These robots are training for the 2050 World Cup:  
The future of news? Virtual reality:  @ImmersiveJourno 
The deeply human decisions behind your Google search results: 
Robots that slither, climb, and crawl...and train for the World Cup:  
7 #TEDTalks with fascinating stories of true crime:  
This man uses telepresence robots to visit museums around the world from his home:  
"This is the most exciting adventure human beings have been on. This is the greatest superpower we have ever had." 
Home is a song I've always remembered:  @Teitur 
These mini-brains can teach us a lot about how our minds work: 
"There's more genetic diversity in 55 African chimpanzees than there are in seven billion humans."  @EvolvingJuan
7 beautiful GIFs of creatures that light up the ocean:  
How to talk about climate change with skeptics: 
7 TED Talks to watch instead of going to brunch:  
Hunting for dinosaurs showed me our place in the universe:  @kenlacovara 
How to get a business loan… when you have no credit score:  @shivsiroya
3 ways tiny robots are going to fix everything:  
"I hope that I can break stereotypes we all know with the beauty of Arabic script." — @elseedart 
A striking way to look at human DNA:  @rikisabatini
"Design can overcome our most deeply rooted stranger-danger bias."  @jgebbia @Airbnb
The instruction manual to create a human being:  @rikisabatini
The US government ignored civilians killed in the Iraq War. This artist made them face the truth:  @mattckenyon
What if you could experience the news with your body, not just your mind? 
Why we should ban killer robots:  
The moral dark side of reporting on the dark net:  @JamieJBartlett 
How a comic book is breaking the period taboo:  @AditiGP @menstrupedia
A smart new business loan for people with no credit:  @shivsiroya 
"The great problem for reform or transformation is the tyranny of common sense." 
A smart loan for people with no credit history (yet):  @shivsiroya
4 big questions about the race to Mars:  
"I dream of a future where menstruation is not a curse, not a disease, but a welcomed change in a girl's life." 
These data visualizations are next-level selfies: 
Why science needs people who aren't scientists: 
The value of being uncertain: 
"In India, three out of every 10 girls don't even know what menstruation is at the time of their first period." 
8 TED Talks to help you practice patience:  
Waiting is the worst. These talks will help: 
These talks pair well with pancakes: 
“The purpose of ambiguity is to make you question information. Ambiguity initiates thought.” 
6 TED Talks to watch before a job interview:  
How to create an organization where people feel comfortable working on big, risky projects: 
6 beautiful books on how dreams illuminate our lives:  @brainpicker
We need to stop gendering books for kids:  @carowriter
These mind-bending paintings are not what they seem:  
Behold, the encyclopedia of a single person:  @rikisabatini
"You don’t just 'find' your calling — you have to fight for it." 
So you've found your calling. What comes next? 
7 lessons about finding the work you were meant to do:  
Why tap dance is still a wonderful art form:  #InternationalDanceDay
A stunning dance performance by a living legend:  #InternationalDanceDay 
How to read the genome and build a human being:  @rikisabatini 
7 stunning performances that will make you want to dance:  #InternationalDanceDay 
How new technology helps blind people explore the world:  
"Stories matter. Stories can break the dignity of a people, but stories can also repair that broken dignity." 
The future of flying robots:  
Get to know our future robot overlords:   
14 #TEDTalks on the dark side of data: 
"The reality is, hackers can do a lot more than break things. They can bring people together." 
She was one of the first women in tech -- and she took it by storm: 
"What I'm passionate about is the inextinguishable, undaunted appetite for learning and experience." 
"The mosquito has killed more humans than any other creature in human history." 
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
How does your memory work? 7 #TEDTalks explain: 
4 TED Talks about how your heart works:  
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
7 #TEDTalks on what makes businesses work:  
16 #TEDTalks with smart work advice: 
A provocative way to finance the fight against climate change:  
5 rules to follow now that we can hack evolution: 
“If the song of my heart ceases to play, can I survive in the silence?" @shondarhimes 
The heartbreaking text that inspired a crisis help line:  @nancylublin 
"We expect more from technology and less from each other." 
A thoughtful way to extend credit to the next billion people:  @shivsiroya
"We have to make sure that every school that serves children in poverty is a real school." 
"Our economy, our society, we're losing out because we're not raising our girls to be brave."  @reshmasaujani
The dawn of the age of holograms:  @akipman 
Art that lets you talk back to NSA spies:  
"We've lost the sense of what's actually happening in this world we've made." How algorithms shape our world: 
How traveling can break down walls and help us connect with each other: 
The science behind some of your cat’s strangest behaviors:  #MyPetIsWeird
"The only true disability is a crushed spirit; a spirit that's been crushed doesn't have hope." 
This brave woman guides journalists through war-torn Gaza, showing them the untold stories of her home country: 
Get to know yourself a bit better: 
8 TED Talks to help you figure out who you are: 
Why I put myself in danger to tell the stories of Gaza:  
Why should we memorize facts? A Jeopardy legend explains:  @KenJennings
7 fantastic flags that break every design rule:  @romanmars 
Get a first look at Adam Driver's TED Talk from our upcoming PBS special, War and Peace, premiering May 30! 
"The best thing a child can do with a toy is break it." 
These two young scientists found a creative way to break down plastic: 
These data visualizations are next-level selfies: 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you feel totally burned out: 
"It's precisely those who are busiest who most need to give themselves a break." Why we need a secular sabbath: 
Need a quick break? 13 TED Talks you can watch in three minutes or less: 
The coming crisis in antibiotics: 
Crush your next presentation with the help of these TED Talks: 
"The seasonal flu is probably the biggest driver of antibiotic use." The coming crisis in antibiotics: 
"When an elder dies, a library is burned. Throughout the world, libraries are ablaze." 
Art that shows we are more than just statistics: 
Want to break a bad habit? Get curious about it: 
Rejected projects from Google's R&amp;D department: 
What is success? 11 ideas that break the mold: 
Here are some of the weird projects Google never launched: 
"If nobody told you they loved you today, you remember I do." How one brave principal saved a school: 
Fascinating tales from the Internet's early days: 
Insightful human portraits made from data:  @RLukeDuBois 
"If you want to know what society is going to be like in 20 years, ask a kindergarten teacher." 
"The baby's brain seems to be the most powerful learning computer on the planet." 
Why we must teach our children how to be alone: 
What if you could print your food with customized nutrition? The fascinating future of 3D printing: 
Why hearing "you're not there yet" is more helpful than hearing you failed: 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
"Next time you're about to throw out an appliance, don't. Take it apart with your kid." 
The Internet could crash. We need a backup plan: 
Is it actually ironic? 3 @TED_Ed lessons on irony: 
"The world has changed from analog to digital." Why we should teach statistics before calculus: 
4 inspiring kids imagine the future of learning: 
"I teach high school math. I sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it." 
"A child who has not been read to is in danger when they get to school." 
"Always be looking for that which you do well and that which you love doing." 
A breakthrough new kind of wireless Internet:  
This new kind of wireless Internet could get the whole world online: 
"With something as simple as a credit score, we're giving people the power to build their own futures."  @shivsiroya
A smart loan for people with no credit history (yet):  @shivsiroya
The Solar Impulse II just flew for two and a half days without fuel. Here's how the solar-powered plane works: 
An epic overview of the wars that inspired #GameofThrones:  via @TED_ED
A smart new business loan for people with no credit:  @shivsiroya 
"When adults believe in children and say, 'You can,' then they will." 
"Religions are natural phenomena. They have evolved over millennia." 
“As teachers, we should strive to be the ordinary heroes, the moral exemplars, to the people we mentor.” 
Pretty soon, kids will start asking for a robot instead of a dog: 
This is what teens really want to know about sex:  
This program is teaching prisoners to code:  
We added math to basketball and made it super nerdy. You're welcome! 
How to re-launch your career after taking a break from work: 
"My 12th grade teacher inspired me to always strive for more, but to have a critical eye for the world around me." 
Want to inspire a young mind? 11 TED Talks to watch with kids: 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
Scientists have been trying to replicate bird flight for years. This robot finally soars:  
How our education system fails young boys, and what we can do to fix it: 
8 TED Talks to inspire projects with kids:  
"We're trying to cross a chasm here between school math and real-world math." 
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original." 
Inside Google's "moonshot factory," an experimental team to solve the world's biggest problems: 
5 powerful TED Talks on the importance of educating girls: 
This teen's invention can be a huge help for Alzheimer's patients and their caregivers:  
10 research tips for finding answers online: 
"Knowledge is almost always better than ignorance — and usually less frightening."  @JamieJBartlett
Are we raising our boys to lack empathy? 
The secret Internet you never see…and why you'll be on it soon: 
5 dangerous things you should let your kids do: 
The nerd's guide to learning everything online:  @johngreen #DFTBA 
"We're raising our girls to be perfect, and we're raising our boys to be brave."  @reshmasaujani @GirlsWhoCode
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
"A new era is coming. Higher education is becoming a basic right, affordable and accessible for all." 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
"We are raising our boys to lack empathy." Why boys should read girl books:  @carowriter
How to create an organization where people feel comfortable working on big, risky projects: 
"Every child deserves a champion, an adult who will never give up on them." 
The pressure to be perfect is hurting our girls:  @reshmasaujani @GirlsWhoCode
Clever, simple ways to use technology more effectively: 
7 TED Talks on how to be smart about your money:  
"The education process begins even before the child is born." 
Why boys should read girl books:  @carowriter 
"If you drive a car in the United States, the government has photographs of you going about your daily life." 
Simple ways to raise kids who are creative, confident, and in control of the world around them: 
The surprising habits of original thinkers:  @AdamMGrant 
"None of our graduates have gone back to jail." Inside a prison education program: 
"The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult, but rather better adults than you have been." 
In honor of #EarthDay, our favorite talks about protecting our planet: 
Take a short break to appreciate the wonder of nature:  #EarthDay 
"We are going to win this. But it matters a lot how fast we win it." @AlGore on climate change: 
Why Al Gore is optimistic that we can stop climate change:  #EarthDay 
"Great dreams aren't just visions. They're visions coupled to strategies for making them real." @astroteller 
Hunting for dinosaurs showed me our place in the universe:  @kenlacovara 
"Student questions are the seeds of real learning." Why curiosity is essential to education: 
What color is a mirror? The power of asking really weird questions: 
Are you smarter than a 19th-century 5th grader? Test yourself:  
What are schools like in North Korea? Hear one teacher's story: 
"Teaching is a creative profession, not a delivery system. Great teachers mentor, stimulate, provoke, engage." 
"This insistence by adults that boys want only boy things ultimately damages girls. But it hurts boys too." 
"No problem worth solving is simple." 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
A teacher's unusual approach to sex education:  @AlVsexed
In some countries, it's illegal to not visit your parents. 
These talks can help you fine-tune your composure in the face of frustration: 
"I dream of a future where menstruation is not a curse, not a disease, but a welcomed change in a girl's life." 
Waiting is the worst. These talks will help: 
The value of being uncertain: 
The secret to giving a great TED Talk:  @TEDchris 
"In India, three out of every 10 girls don't even know what menstruation is at the time of their first period." 
8 TED Talks to help you practice patience:  
These 9 paintings have a trippy secret:  
6 TED Talks to watch before a job interview:  
“The purpose of ambiguity is to make you question information. Ambiguity initiates thought.” 
How to crush that scary job interview: 
6 beautiful books on how dreams illuminate our lives:  @brainpicker
"In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever to remember that life is brief and tender." 
These mind-bending paintings are not what they seem:  
5 rules we should follow now that we can hack evolution:  @EvolvingJuan
This pill may be a cure for radiation poisoning:  
Why the taboo against periods hurts girls:  @AditiGP @menstrupedia
A taboo-free way to talk about periods:  @AditiGP @menstrupedia 
4 big questions about the race to Mars:  
6 #TEDTalks on remembering those we've lost:  
Wisdom from great writers on every year of life:  
The mind behind Linux:  
What do you want to be remembered for at the end of your life? 
Do you remember the past correctly? Turns out you probably don't: 
Why we need to remember that science is not only for scientists: 
When this dad was diagnosed with cancer, he created a council of dads for his daughters: 
How an elite squad of Tokyo firefighters fought a nuclear disaster:  
We can reprogram life. How to do it wisely:  @EvolvingJuan 
"We kill about 100 million sharks a year." Why sharks are more afraid of us than we are of them: 
“If anything kills 10M people in the coming decades, it probably won’t be a missile—it will be a microbe." 
Remember back in the day when you did one thing at a time? You should try that again. 
How language can affect the way we think:  
9 crazy things people do in the name of science...and you thought jumping from the stratosphere was weird: 
Humans come in all shapes, sizes — and colors:  
"We stand today on the threshold of the post-antibiotic era, when simple infections will kill people once again." 
Don't kill your language:  
"We need to radically rethink our view of intelligence." How schools kill creativity: 
"In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever to remember that life is brief and tender." 
"What the FBI is essentially asking is that the company insert itself into everyone’s lives." 
An incredible story of physical and mental endurance: 
Why rejection hurts so much — and what to do about it:  
The forgotten history of autism that we need to remember now: 
Why the color of your dinner plate matters, and other odd lessons about how we eat: 
How do you bring a 1,157-year-old library up to date? 
6 must-read books about psychology, recommended by TED speakers: 
"Divorce is intrinsically hard, but our cultural beliefs and attitudes make it even harder than it needs to be." 
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
How to be an original thinker:  @AdamMGrant
The lessons of the #PanamaPapers leak:  @robertnpalmer @Global_Witness
Want to be an original thinker? Do this:  @AdamMGrant
Did we just discover aliens? Scientists aren’t ruling it out: 
@Samcornwell Also a good theory, but Tabetha (the scientist studying this star) says the evidence didn't support it. 
Something massive is blocking the light from a distant star. Which theory do you bet on? 
The secret to a great TED Talk:  @TEDchris 
"Until we have data to rule it out, intelligent life remains a possibility." 
"Books tell us who we've been, who we are, who we will be, too." 
"North America does not need more walls; it needs more connections."  @paragkhanna
"I am not a visionary. I do not have a five-year plan, I don’t have a moon shot. I’m an engineer." — Linus Torvalds 
"What you would do if you were told your job is to save the planet?" Inside the Paris climate agreement: 
The wisdom of Linus Torvalds:  
“If I was stranded on an island and the only way to get off was to make a pretty UI, I'd die there.” 
When a kid commits a crime, the US justice system has the power to make this life-changing choice: 
How the world achieved the most important climate agreement in history:  @CFigueres
Politics are far too divided. How we can bridge the gap: 
This prosecutor is changing the lives of kids who commit crimes:  
Do we have the moral right to take over Mars?  
What does justice really mean? This prosecutor has a new definition: 
99 percent of rapists get away with it. That doesn't have to be the case. 
11 TED Talks on issues that matter in the US election:  
"Do we actually have the moral right to take over another planet?" 
How to spot a fad diet:  via @TED_ED
"Impossible is not a fact, it's an attitude. It's only an attitude."  @CFigueres
The inside story of the Paris climate agreement:  @CFigueres 
You only wish you could procrastinate as well as this guy. 
The nit-picking glory of The New Yorker's Comma Queen: 
How megacities are changing the map of the world:  @paragkhanna 
A better, safer way to report sexual assault on college campuses: 
How Humans of New York finds such moving, personal stories:  @humansofny
"I am not a visionary. I do not have a five-year plan. I'm an engineer." — Linus Torvalds 
This prosecutor will change how you think about justice: 
"Huge areas of ice are breaking off from Antarctica the size of small nations." 
"It is time to celebrate all the unsung heroines who find the heart and the grit to test every limit." 
"These days, the hunt is on for people's shameful secrets." — @jonronson 
How we’ll survive on Mars: 
"Anyone who is suffering from shame and public humiliation needs to know one thing: You can survive it." 
“There’s a very personal price to public humiliation, and the growth of the Internet has jacked up that price.” 
What happens when online shaming spirals out of control:  @jonronson
How online shaming destroys lives:  @jonronson
"Imagine walking a mile in someone else's headline." - @MonicaLewinsky, on the price of shame: 
"Enthusiastic skepticism is not the enemy of boundless optimism. It's optimism's perfect partner."  @astroteller
Your kids might live on Mars. Here's how they'll survive: 
A rare interview with Linus Torvalds, creator of Linux and Git: 
"We can create a world where there's a real deterrent to violating the rights of another human being." 
"We're going to land on Mars in 2027." Humans are about to become a space-faring species: 
This tiny tech team is the antidote to bloated government spending:  @haleyvandyck
How we're finding common ground in the movement to end gun violence:  @Dan_at_Brady #ENOUGH
When a kid commits a crime, the US justice system has the power to make this life-changing choice: 
"I realized, for the first time, that my voice mattered." Find the courage to speak up: 
"Humans will survive no matter what happens on Earth. We will never be the last of our kind." 
"Humans will survive no matter what happens on Earth. We will never be the last of our kind." - Stephen Petranek 
The wisdom of Linus Torvalds:  
How to make filthy water drinkable -- and save millions of lives:  
How to find your voice against gender violence: 
How patients with rare diseases can find a cure:  
What does it mean to be a citizen of the world?  @Hughcevans #GlobalCitizen 
Astonishing photos of Earth's fresh water and how we use it:  
"Private companies are leaping into space and they will be happy to take you to Mars." 
"North America does not need more walls; it needs more connections."  @paragkhanna
"I would rather be a bad feminist than no feminist at all." — @rgay 
"Mars is the kind of place where you can jump over your car instead of walk around it." 
4 big questions about the race to Mars:  
This prosecutor is changing the lives of kids who commit crimes:  
"Do we actually have the moral right to take over another planet?" 
Why are so many powerful women afraid to call themselves feminists? 
"Sometimes shifting your perspective is more powerful than being smart."  @astroteller
What does justice really mean? This prosecutor has a new definition: 
Politics are far too divided. How we can bridge the gap: 
"I'm a mess. I am full of contradictions. There are many ways in which I'm doing feminism wrong." — @rgay 
99 percent of rapists get away with it. That doesn't have to be the case. 
How the justice system can help kids who commit crimes: 
The nit-picking glory of The New Yorker's Comma Queen: 
The making of a #GlobalCitizen:  @Hughcevans
You only wish you could procrastinate as well as this guy. 
How global citizens help drive change:  @Hughcevans #GlobalCitizen
The #PanamaLeaks show how anonymity fuels corruption: 
"When I justify bad choices, I make it harder for women to achieve equality, and I need to own that." — @rgay 
Do you ever procrastinate? This talk is for you: 
The most mysterious star in the universe:  
The most mysterious star in the universe:  
Humans come in all shapes, sizes — and colors:  
10 ways the world could end (and what we can do about it): 
Could politics be a true competition of ideas? Maybe, if we work together. 
"Great dreams aren't just visions. They're visions coupled to strategies for making them real." @astroteller 
"We need to start judging people by what they do, not what they look like."  
This star is an unsolved mystery. We’re not ruling out aliens: 
One of the galaxy’s biggest mysteries might be an alien structure: 
This is what Amy Cuddy looks for during political debates:  #DemDebate
Just a weird star … or signs of an alien civilization? 
"Great dreams aren't just visions, they're visions coupled to strategies for making them real."  @astroteller
This is how a master procrastinator's mind works:  @waitbutwhy
The unexpected benefit of celebrating failure:  @astroteller 
This master procrastinator is the king of Internet rabbit holes. 
How to create an organization where people feel comfortable working on big, risky projects: 
@suriken9 haha well Mars is not exactly hospitable, but we're curious. A few of the challenges to overcome: 
Inside Google's "moonshot factory," an experimental team to solve the world's biggest problems: 
@apelisa True, but Stephen's talk addresses how we would fix those problems: 
In 20 years, humans may live on Mars. Would you be willing to move there? 
How to re-launch your career after taking a break from work: 
"80 to 90 percent of the marine debris we're finding in the ocean is plastic." 
"North America does not need more walls; it needs more connections."  @paragkhanna
This floating village is built entirely on the water:  
How we’ll survive on Mars: 
"You can find the strange in the familiar, as long as you're willing to look beyond what's been brought to light." 
This man turns juggling into an art form: 
How we can save Antarctica, the last pristine continent:  
How fireflies use their light to find love and tell lies: 
2041 will mark the end of a 50-year agreement to keep Antarctica free of exploitation: 
"The gray areas are where you find the complexity, the humanity, and the truth." 
1 in 5 vegetative patients might be conscious. Here's how we can find them: 
These butterflies may help us find life-saving medicines: 
A new superweapon in the fight against cancer:   
"Our communities are so unique and beautiful. They demand us to find ways to be acknowledged and respected." 
@DKhariJames Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event.
@PerezHilton Quick clarification: Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@thisishotair We hear you. Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@TowerinthePark We hear you. Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@amandapalumbo Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@Power1051 @NAACP Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event.
@dabnis_brickey Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@MyNinjaTurtle We hear your concern. Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@thewayoftheid Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@PrisonPlanet Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@blackgirlinmain We hear your concern. Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@RantingOwl We hear your concern. Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@FilmFatale_NYC Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@elprofe316 Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@meagcity We hear your concern. Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@JayDukes We hear your concern. Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@Eugene_Scott @TheRoot Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@emmylewinsky Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@nuffsaidNY Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@IDCrimeFeed Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event.
@DiscoveryID @IDCrimeFeed Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event.
@MJMadda @TED_ED @TEDx It certainly is, although Amy Cuddy is catching up :)
@KAS_712 Hi Kathleen, that's actually a false rumor -- we do not ban talks critical of GMOs. More info here: 
@wickdchiq We hear your concern. Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@bitteranagram Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@TheSource Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@BAABAest Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@toddwhaines We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@MJStarLover We hear you. Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@CapehartJ Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@wickdchiq We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@time4myopinion We hear you. Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@ToddandErin We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
A captivating story can change the way we see the world. These talks explore how: 
@ecadnak_ Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet either.
@TrivWorks Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@benjancewicz She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. The organizers haven't posted it online yet &amp; we haven't seen it.
@kcman011 @TheTodayShow Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@BlackKhaleesi We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@ditzkoff Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven't seen it yet.
@GisellePhelps We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@marcuswstow We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@Chief_beefin We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@PhalindaJaxn Rachel Dolezal spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@NSTKLG We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@AurelianZ2 We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@DaveCothran We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@DBKope We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@SamNFood We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@joslynmadu We understand your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet either.
Stunning photos show the power of water and how it shapes our world:  
@KAS_712 We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@JackSmithIV She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven't seen it yet.
@deray We are too. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet.
@wokecialist We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet &amp; will review asap.
@dfreemanSMM We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet &amp; will review asap.
@IchBinMeisterin We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet &amp; will review asap.
@8l35290 We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet &amp; will review asap.
@CAttucks87 We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet &amp; will review asap.
@DynaMoChen We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet &amp; will review asap.
@LoveAlwaysNia_ We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet &amp; will review asap.
@Fortitude1913 We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet &amp; will review asap.
@TheVaginalist We hear your concern. She spoke at TEDxUIdaho, an independently organized event. We haven’t seen it yet &amp; will review asap.
8 TED Talks to watch when you're just done with Earth:  
The art of slowing down and finding peace: 
"I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys, because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me." 
"Our challenge is to find the compassion for others that we want them to have for us." 
Your body's amazing reaction to water:  
Baby coral are really cool.  
How do you take a bath without water? Like this: 
"Satellites are like the canoes our ancestors first pushed out into the water." 
16 objects you might find in a pawn shop in 2050:  
"Play up whatever it is that makes you different, even if you think that some people will find it unattractive." 
"What you imagine, sitting in your office, are not how you find them when you actually go out into the world." 
"All the time, we find animals doing things that, in our arrogance, we thought was just human." 
How to find peace and quiet in the chaos of daily life:  via @TEDRadioHour
Your kids might live on Mars. Here's how they'll survive:  
"Real innovation is in finding ways to include everyone." The problem with trickle-down techonomics: 
The mesmerizing science of juggling: 
"Language is about being able to see beyond cultural boundaries and find a shared humanity." 
3 #TEDTalks to watch when you have a big decision to make:  
These three plants can fill your apartment with fresh air: 
"You can always find a shock of beauty and meaning in what life you have left."  @zenhospice
7 #TEDTalks to help you find the right job:  
The inspiration you need to slow down and find stillness: 
How to find creative inspiration all around you: 
How to grow fresh air: 
"You don’t need to work for an organization that saves lives to find meaning and purpose in what you do." 
7 TED Talks on humanity’s relationship with water:  
"I had to find a way to make sure that my creativity survived my own success." 
10 TED Talks to watch when you've just finished a good book:  
Why some people find exercise harder than others: 
How do you find forgiveness? Step outside your comfort zone. 
"Happiness is not something we find; it's something we make." 
"If we're trying to develop therapies for prevention, maybe we should be studying those who don't get sick." 
"Solitude matters -- for some people it is the air that they breathe." 
"Satisfied workers are satisfied because they find what they do meaningful." 
8 TED Talks to inspire projects with kids:  
What does it mean to be a citizen of the world?  @Hughcevans #GlobalCitizen 
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
How do you find stillness in the chaos of daily life? 6 TED speakers share their strategies: 
"There's a hidden epidemic in medicine: Doctors are scared of patients finding out who we are." 
"We are going to win this. But it matters a lot how fast we win it." @AlGore on climate change: 
"90 percent of Americans support expanding Brady background checks to all gun sales."  @Dan_at_Brady #ENOUGH
How humans could evolve to survive in space:  
This star is an unsolved mystery. We’re not ruling out aliens: 
A moving portrait of powerful black sisterhood: 
Why gun violence can't be our new normal:  @Dan_at_Brady #ENOUGH 
"While I've had a few spicy moments with sharks on the sardine run, I know they don't see me as prey." @tompeschak 
The beauty of human skin in every color:  @angelicadass 
How to engineer the human body for life in space: 
The coolest animal you know nothing about... and how we can save it:  @MediciPatricia 
This HoloLens demo beams you into work … or Mars: 
The dawn of the age of holograms:  @akipman 
The story behind one of our most iconic images of space:  
How great architecture tells a story:  @BuroOleScheeren 
Dive into an ocean photographer's world:  @tompeschak 
"Congress is almost always the last to wake up and realize that it's on the wrong side of history."  @Dan_at_Brady
This tech team is saving government millions of dollars a year:  @haleyvandyck 
This program is teaching prisoners to code:  
What it's like to be Muslim in America right now:  
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
10 TED Talks to help you survive the apocalypse:  
8 TED Talks to watch when you're just done with Earth: 
"Language is the most beautiful of human creations. It's the loveliest thing that our brains have invented." @ajitq 
8 TED Talks for jazz lovers:  
What the discovery of gravitational waves means: 
These 10 TED Talks explore how we study space:  
"Language entertains, it enlightens, but what I like most about language is that it empowers."  @ajitq @freespeechapp
Programmers have more power than we know: 
The chilling story of the mind games that helped East Germany's secret police gain power: 
Learn something fun in the next three minutes: 
"Forgiveness is not about condoning violence or renouncing justice. It’s setting yourself free from anger." 
How our education system fails young boys, and what we can do to fix it: 
5 TED Talks to help you let go of regret: 
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
Photos of secret sites most people never see:  
These maps show one book worth reading from every country in the world:  
How the #PanamaPapers can lead to real change:  @robertnpalmer @Global_Witness
"When people pursue money too avidly, they forget about the basic pleasures of life."  
"Little girls don't know that they are not supposed to like computers. It's the parents who do."  @lindaliukas
"When you get rejected, the first thing you should do is to revive your self-esteem, not beat it to a pulp." 
“ISIS has as much to do with Islam as the Klu Klux Klan has to do with Christianity.” 
The lessons of the #PanamaPapers leak:  @robertnpalmer @Global_Witness
58 books to read right now, recommended by TED speakers:  
This new video technology reveals an object's hidden properties, with mindblowing implications: 
"#Enough of easy access to guns by the people that we all agree shouldn't have them."  @Dan_at_Brady
Your country’s borders don’t matter anymore: 
7 #TEDTalks for when you wish you had time to read:  
The mind behind Linux:  
How HoloLens adds a layer of magic to the real world: 
When procrastinating can be good for you: 
The #PanamaPapers exposed a huge global problem. What's next?  @robertnpalmer @Global_Witness 
Forget countries. Megacities run the world: 
The holograms are coming: 
How to be an original thinker:  @AdamMGrant
Want to be an original thinker? Do this:  @AdamMGrant
One of the galaxy’s biggest mysteries might be an alien structure: 
The magic ingredient that brings @DisneyPixar movies to life:  @dafeinberg 
This artist matches your skin tone to Pantone colors to celebrate the true colors of human skin:  @angelicadass
Just a weird star … or signs of an alien civilization? 
The surprising habits of original thinkers:  @AdamMGrant 
"Design can overcome our most deeply rooted stranger-danger bias."  @jgebbia @Airbnb
"You look like a mermaid, but you walk like a waltz." A charming story of mixed emoticons:  
The gospel of doubt:  @CaseyGerald 
We may have discovered a lost Viking site... using satellites:  
How we'll survive life in space: 
The science behind Pixar’s beloved stories:  @dafeinberg
"Biases are the stories we make up about people before we know who they actually are." 
The most mysterious star in the universe:  
Humans come in all shapes, sizes — and colors:  
This is what makes a Pixar movie look real:  @dafeinberg
A Pixar movie before and after lighting brings it to life:  @dafeinberg
Bold advances in the quest to help paralyzed people walk again: 
"The problem was never that we saw color. It was what we did when we saw the color. It's a false ideal." 
Your country’s borders don’t matter anymore: 
9 #TEDTalks for your inner child:  
This is the future of travel: 
How to overcome our biases? Walk boldly toward them: 
12 TED Talks on how to end poverty: 
Meet the paralyzed rat that walked:  
How one woman walked 500 miles through the Australian wilderness:  #NationalWalkingDay 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
"Imagine walking a mile in someone else's headline." - @MonicaLewinsky, on the price of shame: 
“Walk and talk. You'll be surprised at how fresh air drives fresh thinking.”  #NationalWalkingDay
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
Forget political correctness. Let's try this instead:  @sallykohn
The magic ingredient that brings @DisneyPixar movies to life:  @dafeinberg 
How end of life care can be better for all of us: 
Forget countries. Megacities run the world: 
This father wired his house with video cameras to watch his infant son learn language. The results are fascinating: 
"We need to start judging people by what they do, not what they look like."  
"North America does not need more walls; it needs more connections."  @paragkhanna
"The political and the sexual are intimate bedfellows, and that is true for us all." 
Surprising advice for anyone who wants to change the world for the better: 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
A great way to think about setting and achieving goals: 
A short, powerful talk about falling in love with science: 
5 #TEDTalks full of weird facts about sex:  
"Let’s move beyond shallow 'awareness' of autism to appreciate autistic people in the fullness of their humanity." 
What happened when @shondarhimes decided to say yes to everything:  #YearOfYes 
"Autistic people are one of the largest disenfranchised minorities in the world."  @stevesilberman
The rise of Donald Trump isn't surprising. Here's why:  @NickHanauer
"We fool ourselves into thinking that autism is a 'puzzle' that will be solved by the next medical breakthrough." 
One in 10 American children is diagnosed with ADHD — but we still don’t understand the disorder: 
How megacities are changing the map of the world:  @paragkhanna 
Economic growth has stalled. Let's fix it:  @dambisamoyo 
“The pessimists and doomsayers who say that the world can’t get better are simply wrong.” — @shepleygreen 
Autistic people are not failed versions of “normal”:  @stevesilberman 
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
"Shakespeare's most poetic lines don't just talk about matters of the heart; they follow its rhythm." 
Why Al Gore is optimistic that we can stop climate change:  
"America was fracturing into two distinct societies: a republic of dreams and a republic of fears." 
How @Airbnb designs for trust:  @jgebbia
"I wouldn't wish this gift for you. I'm not sure you'd want it. But I wouldn't change my experience." 
“If the song of my heart ceases to play, can I survive in the silence?" @shondarhimes 
How to understand, discover and expose corruption like the #PanamaPapers: 
If anyone stands to benefit from a sensible workday, it’s employers: 
"This is a scandal of epic proportions hidden in plain sight." This will help you understand the #PanamaPapers: 
The #PanamaLeaks show how anonymity fuels corruption: 
How anonymous companies hide corruption:  #PanamaPapers
This infographic can help you understand why the #PanamaPapers matter:  
10 TED Talks on the fight against corruption:  #PanamaPapers
This tiny tech team is the antidote to bloated government spending:  @haleyvandyck
This tech team is saving government millions of dollars a year:  @haleyvandyck 
Why dirty money is far too easy to hide:  #PanamaPapers 
How to spot a counterfeit bill:  (via @TED_ED)
Is it better to use paper or plastic? The truth about common environmental myths: 
A safer way to report sexual assault in college:  @JessicaHLadd
The treadmill really is a torture device:  via @TED_ED
Could we actually live on Mars? Find out:  via @TED_ED
"We can create a world where those who do wrong are held accountable, where survivors get the justice they deserve." 
What it feels like to push your mind and body to the limit — deep underwater:  @guillaumenery
How to overcome the fears that hold you back: 
"No matter how much information we have, you'll never be able to remove the human from the truth-seeking exercise." 
"The obstacles to drug reform lie within each of us. It's our fears, our lack of knowledge that stand in the way." 
"Communities don’t emerge magically from a womb; they are built." - @RichBenjaminUSA 
No really, you should stand up straight. Here's why:  via @TED_ED
"Nowhere is magical unless you can bring the right eyes to it." 
Why peeing on a jellyfish sting is actually a bad idea, via @TED_ED: 
12 #TEDTalks for when you wish you could go back to college:  
This is what happens when you get heat stroke:  via @TED_ED
We can't survive on other planets. Unless… 
What sees the world more clearly, your eyes or a video camera?  via @TED_ED
"The gray areas are where you find the complexity, the humanity, and the truth." 
5 #TEDTalks on the truth about lying: 
A delightful ode to language by the ultimate word-lover:  @emckean
"Capitalism has driven us to the verge of a moral truth, which is the fundamental equality of everyone." 
How we'll survive life in space: 
Why are some people left-handed? @TED_ED explains:  #lefthandersday
Where does skin color come from? Here's how melanin works:  via @TED_ED
"The truth won't set us free until we develop the skills and the moral courage to use it." 
Why is biodiversity so important? A fun lesson from @TED_ED: 
This is how static electricity works:  via @TED_ED
This is how static electricity works:  via @TED_ED
"Evidence to discover the most fundamental truths of all the sciences is here for the taking on our planet." 
Why statistics are so persuasive... and misleading:  via @TED_ED
"We fear the sound of our own voice, but it gives us the power to change our environment." 
Where does creativity hide? @AmyTan, author of The Joy Luck Club, shares how she finds inspiration: 
"Magic is the only honest profession. A magician promises to deceive you -- and he does." 
4 truths about parenting that no one wants to admit: 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
"Truth is never binary. Truth is a value. Truth is emotional, it's fluid, and above all, it's human." 
"Over and over throughout history, people in power have used fear to silence truth and dissent." 
Confused by commas? A clever way to remember when you need a comma:  via @TED_ED
The inconvenient truth about love — and divorce:  
The real reason behind the rise of Donald Trump:  @NickHanauer
The rise of Donald Trump isn't surprising. Here's why:  @NickHanauer
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed:  via @TED_ED
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
"Creativity is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status." 
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
The GOP scam that created Donald Trump:  @NickHanauer 
Fear is boring, and other tips for living a creative life:  @GilbertLiz 
How to manage the emotional roller coaster of creativity: 
11 beautiful bits of advice on how to wake up your creative genius: 
"Lying is an attempt to connect our wishes and our fantasies about who we wish we were with what we're really like." 
"Equations and symbols aren't just things. They're a voice that speaks out about the incredible richness of nature." 
"It's only in our lifetime that running has become associated with fear and pain." Why we're born to run: 
The surprising habits of original thinkers:  @AdamMGrant 
"You can fundamentally change your reaction to fear." Here's how: 
10 colorful sea creatures, up close and personal:  
10 colorful sea creatures, up close and personal:  
"We often think of fear as a weakness, but what if we thought of it as an amazing act of the imagination?" 
How to run and reinvent your company at the same time: 
"Silence is the residue of fear." 
"Fear means you're not focusing on what you're doing." 
"Over and over throughout history, people in power have used fear to silence truth and dissent." 
7 #TEDTalks for when you wish you had time to read:  
"Fear is a bad advisor." 
"I realized, for the first time, that my voice mattered." Find the courage to speak up: 
10 #TEDTalks to help you speak powerfully: 
"Gender has always been considered a fact, immutable. We now know it's more fluid, complex, and mysterious."  #TDOV
A transgender supermodel shares her extraordinary story of courage and self-identity:  #TDOV 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
This woman was the first to host a primetime Chinese television show that allowed hosts to speak their minds: 
How to build a company that doesn't fail: 
Two reasons companies fail — and how to avoid them:  
How the languages we speak affect the way we think: 
How one woman found the courage to overcome her biggest fear: 
"Fear is a kind of unintentional storytelling that we are all born knowing how to do." 
How to engineer the human body for life in space: 
@PammeB We loved your tweets tonight! So glad you enjoyed the show :)
@malocloum We're so glad you enjoyed it!
Watch the last interview with Dr. Oliver Sacks:  #TEDTalksPBS
“I have loved and been loved. I have been given much, and I've given something in return.” Oliver Sacks  #TEDTalksPBS
“When people die, they cannot be replaced. They leave holes that cannot be filled.” Oliver Sacks  #TEDTalksPBS
“It’s not just about building elegant science; it’s about changing people’s lives.” Paula Hammond on nanotechnology for cancer #TEDTalksPBS
“You and I are made of the dust of exploding stars, so we are at least one way that the universe knows itself.” Bill Nye #TEDTalksPBS
“There is more genetic diversity in 55 African chimpanzees than there is in 7 billion humans.” Juan Enriquez #TEDTalksPBS
“We’ve created this parallel evolutionary system; we are practicing unnatural selection and non-random mutation.” Juan Enriquez #TEDTalksPBS
“The story of our world is a dynamic one; it requires our willingness to readjust, to reimagine.” @Radiolab’s @latifnasser #TEDTalksPBS
Definitely a first for us. #TEDTalksPBS 
For 40 million years, camels only lived in North America.  #TEDTalksPBS 
“We use math, science and code to create amazing worlds. We use art to bring them to life.” Danielle Feinberg on @DisneyPixar #TEDTalksPBS
This is how lighting brings @DisneyPixar’s animations to life. #TEDTalksPBS 
“We can create any world we want inside the computer; we have complete artistic freedom.” Danielle Feinberg on @DisneyPixar #TEDTalksPBS
Tune in now to watch TEDTalks: Science and Wonder on @PBS! We’ve got a great show for you tonight. #TEDTalksPBS
How to speak so that people want to listen:  @juliantreasure
"Hiding is a progressive habit. Once you start hiding, it becomes harder and harder to step forward and speak out." 
Capitalism will eat democracy — unless we speak up:  @yanisvaroufakis 
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
"This insistence by adults that boys want only boy things ultimately damages girls. But it hurts boys too." 
The how-to's of powerful speaking — from handy vocal exercises to tips on speaking with empathy: 
"If you're feeling fear and despair, your mind narrows down to very safe and conservative ways of thinking." 
"We are raising our boys to lack empathy." Why boys should read girl books:  @carowriter
The last interview with Oliver Sacks:  
"90 percent of Americans support expanding Brady background checks to all gun sales."  @Dan_at_Brady #ENOUGH
"I have loved and been loved. I have been given much and I have given something in return." — Oliver Sacks 
Why boys should read girl books:  @carowriter 
How humans could evolve to survive in space:  
How we're finding common ground in the movement to end gun violence:  @Dan_at_Brady #ENOUGH
This technology could lead to designer babies if we don't take a step back now: 
“The sharing economy is commerce with the promise of human connection. People share a part of themselves.”  @jgebbia
Ever started to like a song after hearing it millions of times? Why we love repetition in music:  via @TED_ED
"Congress is almost always the last to wake up and realize that it's on the wrong side of history."  @Dan_at_Brady
Are we raising our boys to lack empathy? 
.@Uber's plan to get more people into fewer cars:  @travisk 
8 TED Talks for the thoughtful traveler:  
How do you bring a 1,157-year-old library up to date? 
"Divorce is intrinsically hard, but our cultural beliefs and attitudes make it even harder than it needs to be." 
"If we married for love, what does it mean, now, to be married without love?" 
"#Enough of easy access to guns by the people that we all agree shouldn't have them."  @Dan_at_Brady
"This insistence by adults that boys want only boy things ultimately damages girls. But it hurts boys too." 
10 colorful sea creatures, up close and personal:  
"What we need now is a radically new conception of agriculture, one in which the food actually tastes good." 
Why you should be more skeptical of headlines about the brain: 

George Takei shares his experience in a Japanese internment camp -- and explains why he still loves his country: 
Would you be brave enough to leap from the stratosphere? This man was: 
Why gun violence can't be our new normal:  @Dan_at_Brady #ENOUGH 
"We need to think about how to design social media experiences that promote civility and reward thoughtfulness." 
"If, like me, you're wearing a gold ring, it was forged in a supernova explosion." 
Many of the common medicines we take — like everyday aspirin — were only ever tested on men: 
The historical causes of the current refugee crisis: 
A cop on what police reform should look like: 
"88% of working mothers in the United States will not get one minute of paid leave after they have a baby." 
"We're all going to die -- and poems can help us live with that." A love letter to poetry: 
The exhilarating peace of freediving:  @guillaumenery 
These psychedelic sculptures will transport you to new worlds:  
I love being a police officer, but we need reform:  
Parasites are so much cooler than you think: 
This artist matches your skin tone to Pantone colors to celebrate the true colors of human skin:  @angelicadass
The beauty of human skin in every color:  @angelicadass 
Deep under the Earth's surface, discovering beauty and science:  @Cescosauro 
How I fight for justice as a prosecutor:  @adamjohnfoss 
How we'll survive if wheat, corn and rice crops are destroyed by climate change: 
Robots that slither, climb, and crawl...and train for the World Cup:  
"Climate change is the greatest threat to human rights in the 21st century."  @MRFCJ
"There are many ways that we betray our partner: with contempt, with neglect, with indifference, with violence." 
Incredible new science lets monkeys send thoughts straight into each other's brains: 
Extraordinary photos capture the magic of the Everglades:  @MacStonePhoto 
Why you should care about whale poo:  @ashadevos
"Art is our weapon. Culture is a form of resistance." 
How movies have the power to shape our memories and worldviews: 
Why every city needs healthy honey bees: 
Human trafficking is all around you. This is how it works: 
14 TED Talks on the reality of war:  
Meet the "Supergays," LGBT people who are thriving around the world: 
"This was a person that nobody seemed to be missing. It was an invisible life heading for a nameless grave." 
How the world looks to a man with autistic savant syndrome: 
You have no idea where camels really come from:  @latifnasser 
In a time when irrationality seems to rule both politics and culture, has reasoned thinking finally lost its power? 
How we can make crops survive without water:  
"True empowerment comes from giving yourself the permission to think and act." 
Why anti-Muslim hate speech is the best propaganda for terrorists: 
5 ways to be a better human at the zoo:  
How I'm working for change inside my church:  @_chelseashields 
This guy makes musical instruments irrelevant: 
Can you guess someone's political party based on their name? Try these fun psych quizzes: 
INFOGRAPHIC: The shocking reality of violence against women 
Skyscrapers are boring. One architect against the tyranny of the tower:  
The four fish we're overeating — and what to eat instead:  @4fishgreenberg 
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." 
Thrilling photos taken by a storm chaser:  
Why we need to start planning for the next global disease outbreak now: 
About 10,000 people a month Google the phrase, “Am I ugly?” 
Why great architecture should tell a story:  @BuroOleScheeren 
"Nobody sensible simply wants more trust. Sensible people want to place their trust where it is deserved." 
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  
"23% of new working mothers in America will be back on the job within two weeks of giving birth." 
Antibiotics might stop working soon. Here's what that will mean: 
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
"Where you criminalize people living with HIV or those at greatest risk, you fuel the epidemic." 
"Was I who I had been before the crash, before this road divided my life like the spine of an open book?" 
4 TED speakers explore the nature of courage:  via @TEDRadioHour
Our food is in trouble. These plants can help: 
"Where you come from now is much less important than where you're going." 
Why driverless cars are better at responding to unpredictable events on the road than we are: 
What insects can teach us about sex roles: 
Why you shouldn't wait to be a hero: 
What every woman needs to know about the medicine she takes: 
How the male body became our framework for medical research: 
What the Dalai Lama can teach us about solving the world's problems: 
12 TED Talks for people who love words:  
A delightful conversation about the joy of long-term friendship: 
How to find work you love:  
"When it comes to our inner life, we can trust the Dalai Lama as an expert whose guidance can benefit us all." 
"We all wind up traveling through life, trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything." 
An electrifying beatbox performance: 
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and trust." 
Growing up with this increases your risk for 7 leading causes of death in the United States: 
Why jealousy is so powerful: 
"Trust requires an intelligent judgement." How to be smart about who you trust: 
The beautiful math behind the world's ugliest music: 
The dawn of the age of holograms:  @akipman 
This talk is a must-watch for every working parent: 
What their resume won't tell you: 
A jaw-dropping look at the world’s first underwater sculpture park:  @JasondeCairesT
Why so many efforts to eradicate global poverty fail: 
Should we donate money directly to the poor? A convincing case that yes, we should: 
The more our mind wanders, the less happy we can be: 
196 great books from every country in the world: 
10 #TEDTalks to help you shake off rejection:  
What kids can teach us about creativity: 
Which book would you recommend from your country? 
"Correctly using computers is the silver bullet for making math education work." 
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
How #IfAfricaWasABar brought a continent together:  @SiyandaWrites
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
How young Africans found a voice on Twitter:  @SiyandaWrites 
The surprising impacts of low body confidence: 
How messy problems can inspire creativity:  @TimHarford 
Why aren't you moving up at work? The career advice you probably didn’t get: 
"We have to groom our leaders carefully. We can't just leave it to chance." — @FredSwaniker 
Does paper beat plastic? How to rethink environmental folklore:  @LeylaAcaroglu
How I snuck a memorial for Iraqi civilians into the US government:  @mattckenyon 
Why doctors must help fight racism:  #BlackLivesMatter @DrMaryTBassett 
"As a prosecutor I'm expected to do justice, but I never learned what justice was in my classes." 
"The wonderfully seductive idea of the unbiased, clean search result is a myth." — @andreasekstrom 
An artist's odd quest to draw attention to the California Drought:  
"I've kept more people out of jail as a prosecutor, and helped them stay out, than I ever could have as a defender." 
"As a trans person, public bathrooms are where I am most likely to be questioned or harassed." @ivancoyote 
Why we need gender-neutral bathrooms:  #WeAreNotThis
"A black baby faces nearly three times the risk of death in its first year of life as compared to a white baby." 
This is what Amy Cuddy looks for during political debates: 
"These women showed that warriors come in all shapes and sizes."  
"Demand more. Vote for the prosecutor who's helping people stay out of jail, not putting them in."  @adamjohnfoss
"The heat is on!" Inside one of the most exciting, modern adventure stories:  
Watch these talks before your family asks what you're doing with your life: 
A new, and totally absurd, theory of the camel:  @latifnasser
6 TED Talks for dog lovers:  #NationalPuppyDay 
Everything you know about camels is wrong:  @latifnasser
Rejoining the workforce? Here's what you should know:  @iRelaunch
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  
"The story of our world is a dynamic one. It requires our willingness to readjust, to reimagine."  @latifnasser
You have no idea where camels really come from:  @latifnasser 
12 TED Talks on how to end poverty: 
12 TED Talks full of fascinating history:  
"How does consuming fear 24 hours a day affect the health of our democracy, the health of our free thought?" 
7 TED Talks to help you give thanks: 
Learn something fun in the next three minutes: 
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
11 TED Talks on how we can redesign humans: 
Want to have better conversations? These TED Talks will help: 
10 TED Talks to inspire lively conversation: 
Want to practice gratitude? Start with these talks: 
7 TED Talks on humanity’s relationship with water:  #WorldWaterDay 
How prosecutors can change young lives for the better:  @adamjohnfoss
"Muslims aren't a tumor in the body of America. We're a vital organ." 
What it's like to be Muslim in America right now:  
Why Islamophobia makes the world less safe for all of us: 
How to get back to work after a career break:  @iRelaunch 
“ISIS has as much to do with Islam as the Klu Klux Klan has to do with Christianity.” 
5 TED Talks on the incredible lives of bees:  
How I'm discovering the secrets of ancient texts:  
5 moral values that shape our political views: 
The largest river on Earth is invisible -- and airborne:  
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf
The US government ignored civilians killed in the Iraq War. This artist made them face the truth:  @mattckenyon
"The Ebola virus preyed on universal human feelings like denial, fear — and even love." 
Meet the first women to fight on the front lines of an American war: 
How to talk about climate change with skeptics: 
Why Al Gore is optimistic that we can stop climate change:  
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
"There has to be political noise and political costs in response to massive crimes against humanity." 
How to talk about climate change with skeptics: 
How scientists discovered a glow-in-the-dark shark:  
A delightful way to design electronics, including a paper piano you can sketch and then play: 
"Current politics serves us a mountain of bureaucratic jargon." How we can fix that: 
"These women lived in the 'and.' They proved you could be fierce and you could be feminine." 
A fascinating, funny look at how birds fly in sync: 
A prosecutor's vision for a better justice system:  @adamjohnfoss 
Would you negotiate with someone you knew to be evil, to save lives? 
How hidden cameras are changing the game in the fight for human rights:  
"It is time to celebrate all the unsung heroines who find the heart and the grit to test every limit." 
How @Airbnb designs for trust:  @jgebbia
The future of flying robots:  
"We are living at a moment in which the very fabric of human society is being rewoven." 
If anyone stands to benefit from a sensible workday, it’s employers: 
Economic growth has stalled. Let's fix it:  @dambisamoyo 
“If the song of my heart ceases to play, can I survive in the silence?" @shondarhimes 
Gorgeous photos of underwater sculptures, teeming with life:  
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
Would you fly in a 3D-printed jumbo jet?  
5 ways to be a better human at the zoo:  
Ever wished you could fly? Here's what it feels like to fly over the Grand Canyon:  
Fascinating tales from the Internet's early days: 
How poetry can free a prisoner's mind:  
"I would encourage all of us to remember that dying people are living and to treat them accordingly." 
This 75-year-old study shows what leads to a happy life:  #InternationalDayOfHappiness
What makes a good life? Lessons from the longest study on happiness:  #InternationalDayOfHappiness
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life:  #InternationalDayOfHappiness
Does technology make us feel connected, but alone? 
Why the military should loosen its grip on classified information: 
"In 1982, there were only two other Dannys on the Internet then. I knew them both." 
A robot that runs and swims like a salamander:  
Can you tell which poem was written by a computer? 
Here's how we can run the world better:  
Programmers have more power than we know: 
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
11 TED Talks by brilliant #WomenInSTEM: 
Which country does the most good for the planet? You might be surprised:  
"Humor is such a powerful game-changer." 
How language can affect the way we think:  
An architect's quest to build funky skyscrapers:  
This is the Amazon's powerful secret: 
Why the body-bending poses in cat pictures are a huge challenge to AI technology: 
What the Dalai Lama can teach us about solving the world's problems: 
6 TED Talks on how algorithms run our lives: 
Fairy tales as you've never seen them before:  
Can the rift between China and the United States be healed? 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think: 
Modern medicine is in danger of losing a powerful, old-fashioned tool: 
Can the rift between China and the United States be healed? 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
Skyscrapers — but no sewage system. Meet a city run by private industry:  
"Our desire to alter our state of consciousness may be as fundamental as our desire for food, water, and sex." 
We added math to basketball and made it super nerdy. You're welcome! 
This is how ISIS makes money: 
The impact of algorithms on everything from architecture to online dating: 
Soon you’ll be able to 3D-print your clothes at home:  @danitpeleg3d
45 must-listen podcasts to freshen up your commute:  
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
3 ways to recover from rejection: 
4 reasons to get excited about math: 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
3 ways to recover from rejection: 
196 great books from every country in the world: 
Huge, intricate patterns carved into the snow:  
A glimpse of the future through an augmented reality headset:  @merongribetz @metaglasses 
The secrets I find on the mysterious ocean floor:  
"Design can overcome our most deeply rooted stranger-danger bias."  @jgebbia @Airbnb
This country isn't just carbon neutral — it's carbon negative:  @tsheringtobgay 
Our refugee system is failing. Here's how we can fix it:  @refugeestudies 
"We are going to win this. But it matters a lot how fast we win it." @AlGore on climate change: 
"Don't stand by the sidelines when you see someone getting hurt. If someone is being abused online, do something." 
10 TED Talks on how we're exploring outer space: 
Why your doctor should care about social justice:  @DrMaryTBassett 
"We don't have to live in a world where 99 percent of rapists get away with it."  @JessicaHLadd
This food computer could change the way we eat:  @calebgrowsfood
Gorgeous photos of underwater sculptures, teeming with life:  
Treat yourself to a night at the jazz club: 
How @Uber is shaping the future of transportation:  @travisk
Why women still get killed for love:  
How yarn bombing grew into a worldwide movement:  
A conservative's plea: Let's work together.  @arthurbrooks 
"It is not reasonable to expect people to marry for love yet not to divorce for lack of love." 
"These premeditated, cold-blooded murders are justified under the guise of cultural or religious values." 
How we're learning about galaxies far, far away: 
We need to change how we see divorce: 
"We can force ourselves to be loyal and self-sacrificing, but we cannot force ourselves to love." 
.@Uber wants to make carpooling cool again:  @travisk
6 TED Talks that inspired @TEDBooks:  
.@Uber's plan to get more people into fewer cars:  @travisk 
"Divorce is intrinsically hard, but our cultural beliefs and attitudes make it even harder than it needs to be." 
8 TED Talks for the thoughtful traveler:  
"If we married for love, what does it mean, now, to be married without love?" 
Teach girls bravery, not perfection:  @reshmasaujani 
Why medication should be a last resort for kids with ADHD:  
Why grown-ups love coloring books too:  
“The sharing economy is commerce with the promise of human connection. People share a part of themselves.”  @jgebbia
How I won a Supreme Court case against human DNA patents:  
Are you prepared for the end of the world?  
"We can create a world where those who do wrong are held accountable, where survivors get the justice they deserve." 
A safer way to report sexual assault in college:  @JessicaHLadd
The inconvenient truth about love — and divorce:  
"It’s always been a dream of mine to have done a TED Talk in the past.”  @waitbutwhy
The reporting system that sexual assault survivors want:  @JessicaHLadd 
Glow-in-the-dark sharks and other stunning sea creatures:  
"Why can't we use our anger to challenge and change the evils of the world?" - Nobel Peace Prize winner @k_satyarthi 
"There is great injustice in the daily and disproportionate violence faced by young black men."  #BlackLivesMatter
The secrets corals keep about our ocean's history: 
6 statistics that show why Al Gore feels optimistic about climate change:  
"We need to think about how to design social media experiences that promote civility and reward thoughtfulness." 
"88% of working mothers in the United States will not get one minute of paid leave after they have a baby." 
Shape-shifting tech will change work as we know it:  
These psychedelic sculptures will transport you to new worlds:  
Penguins love robots, and other tales of underwater exploration: 
"The great problem for reform or transformation is the tyranny of common sense." 
A hilarious call for us to save the word "awesome" for things that truly inspire awe: 
"It’s always been a dream of mine to have done a TED Talk in the past.”  @waitbutwhy
Inside the mind of a master procrastinator:  @waitbutwhy 
"In order for connection to happen, we have to allow ourselves to be seen, really seen." 
"We need to think about how to design social media experiences that promote civility and reward thoughtfulness." 
How I turned a deadly plant into a thriving business: 
The mysterious world of underwater caves:   @jillheinerth 
How I took on the gene patent industry -- and won:  
How I found a mythical boiling river in the Amazon:  @georuzo 
“You’re imperfect, and you’re wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging.” 
"We have devalued our personal life; I am taking my life back. I say yes to less work and more play." @shondarhimes 
A jaw-dropping look at the future of devices: 
"Every day, everywhere, our children spread their dreams beneath our feet. We should tread softly." 
How we can make crops survive without water:  
Where does skin color come from? Here's how melanin works:  via @TED_ED
What @Uber’s vision for the future looks like:  @travisk
"In that moment, I knew that I was no longer the choreographer of my life." A stroke of insight: 
How I'm discovering the secrets of ancient texts:  
How I'm discovering the secrets of ancient texts:  
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." 
Will the next generation of basketball coaches be computers? 
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
What life is like for an Ebola survivor:  
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse:  
"We can't practice compassion with other people if we can't treat ourselves kindly." 
"Design can overcome our most deeply rooted stranger-danger bias."  @jgebbia @Airbnb
“The sharing economy is commerce with the promise of human connection. People share a part of themselves.”  @jgebbia
Happy #PiDay! Get to know everyone's favorite irrational number:  via @TED_ED
How @Airbnb designs for trust:  @jgebbia 
This is the future of travel: 
12 TED Talks on how to end poverty: 
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
7 #TEDTalks about how to grow your own stuff:  
How to turn shame into strength: 
Why trust and cooperation are essential to good business: 
"Fear is the oldest, deepest and least subtle part of our emotional life, and so therefore it’s boring." @GilbertLiz 
A radical vision for work that doesn't control your life: 
That sneezy person on the plane doesn't have to infect everyone: 
Why the body-bending poses in cat pictures are a huge challenge to AI technology: 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think: 
We can grow our own clothes. Here's how: 
This common sense belief is wrong -- the opposite is true: 
5 #TEDTalks on the weird science of love:   
How to read a politician's body language:  
How Netflix creates hit shows like #HouseOfCards... using lots of data about you:  @_wernicke
10 things you didn't know about orgasm:  @mary_roach
11 beautiful bits of advice on how to wake up your creative genius: 
"Leadership is a choice; it is not a rank." 
"Solitude matters -- for some people it is the air that they breathe." 
"Creativity is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status." 
"We stigmatize mistakes, and the result is that we are educating people out of their creative capacities." 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list: 
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
"You've got to identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most." How to achieve lasting success: 
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
"The key to maximizing our talents is for us all to put ourselves in the zone of stimulation that is right for us." 
"Leaders will choose to sacrifice so their people may gain." 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
17 must-read books about leadership: 
"We have sold ourselves into a fast food model of education, and it's impoverishing our spirit." 
"We need to radically rethink our view of intelligence." How schools kill creativity: 
"Perfection is the death of all good things." — @GilbertLiz 
Here's why coloring books are so therapeutic -- no matter your age:  
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
"If you hire people who believe what you believe, they'll work for you with blood and sweat and tears." 
Hexagons! And other reasons to love math:  
7 books that shaped @GilbertLiz as a writer:  
6 thinkers whose depressing ideas will make you feel better: 
How great leaders inspire action:  @simonsinek
How to manage the emotional roller coaster of creativity: 
"Frustration is not an interruption of the process, frustration is the process." — @GilbertLiz 
"The political and the sexual are intimate bedfellows, and that is true for us all." 
Meet the people forever changed by the #Fukushima nuclear disaster: 
This country isn't just carbon neutral — it's carbon negative:  @tsheringtobgay 
"It will not be our blind faith, but our humble doubt that shines light into the darkness of our world."  #SXSW2016
The gospel of doubt:  @CaseyGerald #SXSW2016 
What happened when @shondarhimes decided to say yes to everything:  #YearOfYes 
One in 10 American children is diagnosed with ADHD — but we still don’t understand the disorder: 
A spell-binding journey into the Amazon -- where rivers boil and legends come to life:  @georuzo
"@SpecialOlympics teaches the world that people with intellectual disabilities deserve respect and inclusion." 
Special Olympics let me be myself — a champion:  
Designing a better life with Parkinson's disease: 
"A dream job isn’t all dreaming; it’s all job, all reality, all blood, all sweat, no tears." @shondarhimes 
How great architecture tells a story:  @BuroOleScheeren 
Clever, wise cartoons explore what it means to be a woman:  @lizadonnelly
The case for fish farming:  
This brilliant cartoonist pokes fun at gender stereotypes:  @lizadonnelly
These clever solutions can make life with Parkinson's easier: 
We need to stop talking about sex like it's a baseball game:  @AlVsexed
What happened when @shondarhimes decided to say yes to everything:  #TGIT
Simple ways to make life with Parkinson's easier: 
A teacher's unusual approach to sex education:  @AlVsexed
Simple hacks for life with Parkinson's:  
Why we should listen, learn... and then lead: 
Our food is in trouble. These plants can help: 
"As a trans person, public bathrooms are where I am most likely to be questioned or harassed." @ivancoyote 
Want to break a bad habit? Get curious about it: 
How to use data to make a hit TV show:  @_wernicke 
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and trust." 
Go behind the scenes of a dangerous job where your only task is to find the exit: 
"I am more scared of the bureaucrat that holds information in a desk drawer than I am of someone who leaks it." 
If you take more than one medication, you should know this:  @Rbaltman
A delightful way to teach kids about computers:  @lindaliukas 
How to break a bad habit -- for good: 
Why you can't stop watching Netflix:  @_wernicke
Why we need gender-neutral bathrooms:  @ivancoyote 
The nerdy secret behind the success of original Netflix shows:  @_wernicke
"Unless we give kids tools to build with computers, we are raising only consumers instead of creators."  @lindaliukas
Here's why coloring books are so therapeutic -- no matter your age: 
How Netflix creates hit shows like #HouseOfCards... using lots of data about you:  @_wernicke
"Little girls don't know that they are not supposed to like computers. It's the parents who do."  @lindaliukas
"Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure." 
Awesome ways we use lasers to fight HIV ... and even edit memory: 
How we're learning about the mysterious ocean deep: 
Half of the American preschoolers diagnosed with ADHD are given drugs to treat the symptoms. Is there another way? 
Why grown-ups love coloring books too:  
The secrets I find on the mysterious ocean floor:  
Why medication should be a last resort for kids with ADHD:  
Should you be able to patent a human gene?  
I love being a police officer, but we need reform:  
How an opera singer found her voice after a double lung transplant: 
These horrifying stories from new mothers will change how you think about family leave: 
My hopes, dreams, fears for my future black son:  A powerful letter by poet @ClintSmithIII.
These mini-brains give us an unprecedented look at the inner workings of our minds: 
This technology could lead to designer babies if we don't take a step back now: 
Why your doctor should care about social justice:  #BlackLivesMatter @DrMaryTBassett 
"Huge areas of ice are breaking off from Antarctica the size of small nations."  
10 TED Talks on modern feminism:  #InternationalWomensDay 
"A black baby faces nearly three times the risk of death in its first year of life as compared to a white baby." 
This food computer could change the way we eat:  @calebgrowsfood
"These women lived in the 'and.' They proved you could be fierce and you could be feminine."  #InternationalWomensDay
This computer will grow your food in the future:  @calebgrowsfood 
An unlikely hero for women in business shares how she rose to the top:  #IWD2016 
10 TED Talks by women that everyone should watch:  #InternationalWomensDay
An invitation to men who want a better world for women:  @e_nyamayaro #InternationalWomensDay 
"I would rather be a bad feminist than no feminist at all." — @rgay  #InternationalWomensDay
"Why is my daughter so strong? Because I didn't clip her wings." A beautiful talk on empowering women:  #IWD2016
"It is not our gender that defines us, but our shared humanity." @e_nyamayaro  #HeForShe #InternationalWomensDay
"Once upon a time, my voice was stolen from me, and feminism helped me to get my voice back." @rgay  #IWD2016
Teach girls bravery, not perfection:  @reshmasaujani #InternationalWomensDay 
Watch these adorable robots play follow the leader: 
If you could erase bad memories, would you do it? The science of memory manipulation: 
"The gay rights movement asks us to support justice and equality from a space of love." 
"A black woman in 2012 faced more than 10 times the risk of dying related to childbirth as a white woman." 
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf
This is what Amy Cuddy looks for during political debates: 
A more humane response to the refugee crisis:  @refugeestudies
6 reasons to be on Apple’s side in its fight against the FBI:  
What ants can teach us about the brain, cancer and the Internet: 
Climate change is happening. Here's how we adapt: 
Our refugee system is failing. Here's how we can fix it:  @refugeestudies
"Our economy, our society, we're losing out because we're not raising our girls to be brave."  @reshmasaujani
The pressure to be perfect is hurting our girls:  @reshmasaujani @GirlsWhoCode
"We're raising our girls to be perfect, and we're raising our boys to be brave."  @reshmasaujani @GirlsWhoCode
We need to make it safe for girls to fail:  @reshmasaujani @GirlsWhoCode
Why girls need the freedom to fail:  @reshmasaujani @GirlsWhoCode
Teach girls bravery, not perfection:  @reshmasaujani 
How movies have the power to shape our memories and worldviews: 
The problem with race-based medicine:  @DorothyERoberts 
Why you should be more skeptical of headlines about the brain: 

George Takei shares his experience in a Japanese internment camp -- and explains why he still loves his country: 
"We need to build a future underwater city. Or better yet, a network of them around the world." 
The science that helps vegetative patients communicate with loved ones:  
10 TED Talks on how we're exploring outer space: 
Why every city needs healthy honey bees: 
7 reasons why people just don't care about politics: 
A beautiful look at an endangered wilderness: 
What @Uber’s vision for the future looks like:  @travisk
Gorgeous photos of underwater sculptures, teeming with life:  
Unforgettable animations of how a sneeze travels inside a plane cabin:  @RM_Wang
How @Uber is shaping the future of transportation:  @travisk
"The United States has a dark history of disproportionately punishing people because of their political views." 
"There is great injustice in the daily and disproportionate violence faced by young black men."  #BlackLivesMatter
How the Sistine Chapel spawned a public relations nightmare:  
How yarn bombing grew into a worldwide movement:  
An unlikely hero for women in business shares how she rose to the top: 
Why we need to start planning for the next global disease outbreak now: 
How I'm working for change inside my church:  @_chelseashields 
"Reading textbooks is stressful, but reading does not matter when you feel your story is already written." 
Try something new for 30 days: 
.@Uber wants to make carpooling cool again:  @travisk
How do you bring a 1,157-year-old library up to date? 
"23% of new working mothers in America will be back on the job within two weeks of giving birth." 
Treat yourself to a night at the jazz club: 
Restoring the world’s oldest library:  
This is the future of travel: 
What should the future of capitalism look like?  
These Gummi Bears are on a mission to make you think:  
An architect's quest to build funky skyscrapers:  
Why driverless cars are better at responding to unpredictable events on the road than we are: 
One of our greatest works of art was not always so beloved: 
Want to make your political representative listen to you? Get writing. 
What really happens when you mix medications?  @Rbaltman
A radical vision for work that doesn't control your life: 
Why you shouldn't wait to be a hero: 
"You need to find the right question. There is nothing worse than answering the wrong question well." 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
The beautiful math behind the world's ugliest music: 
This brilliant architect can fix any problem using one simple way of thinking:  
How messy problems can inspire creativity:  @TimHarford 
10 math talks to blow your mind:  
How refugees can help your country thrive:  @refugeestudies
"This is a story about two questions we all share: what is a better life and what am I willing to do to achieve it?" 
What are schools like in North Korea? Hear one teacher's story: 
"When you get rejected, the first thing you should do is to revive your self-esteem, not beat it to a pulp." 
If you take more than one medication, you should know this:  @Rbaltman
How end of life care can be better for all of us: 
8 TED Talks for the thoughtful traveler:  
A hilarious celebration of lifelong female friendship:  
Bold thoughts on capitalism from Greece’s former finance minister: 
5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
A simple way to break a bad habit: 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
.@Uber's plan to get more people into fewer cars:  @travisk 
Surprising advice for anyone who wants to change the world for the better: 
"We need to start judging people by what they do, not what they look like."  
These maps show one book worth reading from every country in the world:  
5 TED Talks to help you let go of regret: 
Your natural sleep cycle keeps really weird hours: 
58 books to read in 2016, recommended by TED speakers:  
How messy problems can inspire creativity:  @TimHarford 
The true cost of overworked employees:  
Capitalism will eat democracy — unless we speak up:  @yanisvaroufakis 
What happened when @shondarhimes decided to say yes to everything:  #TGIT
This talk is a lovely reminder to be kind to yourself: 
How we're learning about galaxies far, far away: 
Our refugee system is failing. Here's how we can fix it:  @refugeestudies 
A moving portrait of powerful black sisterhood: 
The coolest animal you know nothing about... and how we can save it:  @MediciPatricia 
"Language is the most beautiful of human creations. It's the loveliest thing that our brains have invented." @ajitq 
10 things that are way more awesome than your sandwich: 
Why gun violence is America's epidemic: 
My life in Syria:  
A kinder way to train your puppy: 
"Language entertains, it enlightens, but what I like most about language is that it empowers."  @ajitq @freespeechapp
How beautiful funeral traditions around the world celebrate life: 
Why the sneaker market matters:  @Campless 
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
An incredible story of physical and mental endurance: 
This new video technology reveals an object's hidden properties, with mindblowing implications: 
"What the FBI is essentially asking is that the company insert itself into everyone’s lives." 
5 TED Talks on how lasers will save the world: 
If you take more than one medication, you should know this:  @Rbaltman
What really happens when you mix medications?  @Rbaltman 
The coolest animal you know nothing about... and how we can save it:  @MediciPatricia 
The unheard story of the Sistine Chapel:  @lizlevrome 
Ever wished you could fly? Here's what it feels like to fly over the Grand Canyon:  
10 TED Talks to help you survive the apocalypse:  
The four fish we're overeating — and what to eat instead:  @4fishgreenberg 
The chilling story of the mind games that helped East Germany's secret police gain power: 
These 10 TED Talks explore how we study space:  
What the discovery of gravitational waves means: 
Programmers have more power than we know: 
8 TED Talks for jazz lovers:  
"Great leaders dare to be different. They don't just talk about risk-taking; they actually do it." 
9 #TEDTalks on how games can improve your life:  
"Growing even some of our own food is one of the best things that we can do for the environment." 
Why trust and cooperation are essential to good business: 
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
"We need to start judging people by what they do, not what they look like."  
"Trust requires an intelligent judgement." How to be smart about who you trust: 
Why you should hire the underdog: 
What their resume won't tell you: 
A word game to communicate in any language: 
7 TED Talks on how to be smart about your money:  
How to beat loneliness:  @GuyWinch 
"Chronic loneliness poses as significant a risk for your long-term health and longevity as cigarette smoking." 
A lovely reminder that your depth of character is just as important as your accomplishments: 
"Money is the most successful story ever invented by humans, because it is the only story everybody believes." 
"When people pursue money too avidly, they forget about the basic pleasures of life."  
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
Why Al Gore is optimistic that we can stop climate change:  
Modern politics turn you off? 8 #TEDTalks to restore your faith in politics: 
A meditation on the bittersweet joys of childhood — and how to hold them in mind: 
"We are going to win this. But it matters a lot how fast we win it." @AlGore on climate change: 
"We can't think about cancer -- let alone any disease -- in black-and-white terms." 
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
"While I've had a few spicy moments with sharks on the sardine run, I know they don't see me as prey." @tompeschak 
Why we need gender-neutral bathrooms:  @ivancoyote 
What it's like to be Muslim in America right now:  
These two sisters want to make plastic waste a thing of the past: 
"As a trans person, public bathrooms are where I am most likely to be questioned or harassed." @ivancoyote 
"You can't love something and become a champion for it if you don't know it exists." @tompeschak 
"Little girls don't know that they are not supposed to like computers. It's the parents who do."  @lindaliukas
"We all have the ability to be creators of hope." This underwater photographer takes us beneath the waves:  
How our education system fails young boys, and what we can do to fix it: 
"This is the Pope's private chapel, and the best way you can describe that is indeed a stew of nudes."  @lizlevrome
Dive into an ocean photographer's world:  @tompeschak 
“ISIS has as much to do with Islam as the Klu Klux Klan has to do with Christianity.” 
Soon you’ll be able to 3D-print your clothes at home:  @danitpeleg3d
Want to eat well? Forget about willpower:  
"Unless we give kids tools to build with computers, we are raising only consumers instead of creators."  @lindaliukas
Shape-shifting tech will change work as we know it:  
How scientists discovered a glow-in-the-dark shark:  
"Forgiveness is not about condoning violence or renouncing justice. It’s setting yourself free from anger." 
How you can make a difference by investing in companies that champion social values and sustainability: 
"Once I had an affair with calculus that lasted longer than some celebrity marriages." 
The exhilarating peace of freediving:  @guillaumenery 
Why it's a mistake to keep important information classified: 
How one woman walked 500 miles through the Australian wilderness:  
This boiling river in the Amazon is a geological mystery:  
These mini-brains can teach us a lot about how our minds work: 
How one man learned to forgive his brother's murderers:  
"As long as there have been public executions, there have been the crowds to see them."  @francesrlarson
Data proves why you should never try to park in New York City: 
The bittersweet joys of childhood — and how to hold them in mind: 
The story behind one of our most iconic images of space:  
This program is teaching prisoners to code:  
How great architecture tells a story:  @BuroOleScheeren 
Learn something fun in the next three minutes: 
Can you guess which poem was written by a computer? 
9 #TEDTalks for your inner child:  
This is the future of travel: 
Forget political correctness. Let's try this instead:  @sallykohn
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
"Overwork doesn’t just exhaust employees, it can sap a company’s profits and saddle taxpayers with hidden costs." 
"Terror is claiming many lives, but we must not let it claim our souls as well." 
4 inspiring kids imagine the future of learning: 
Why we desperately need to redesign the refrigerator: 
The brain may be able to repair itself — with help:  
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
Lessons in courage, from a team of Japanese firefighters: 
An incredible story of physical and mental endurance: 
"Knowledge is almost always better than ignorance — and usually less frightening." 
How beautiful funeral traditions around the world celebrate life: 
"Curiosity doesn’t take anything from you. Curiosity just gives." — @GilbertLiz 
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
5 #TEDTalks full of weird facts about sex:  
How to gain creative confidence:  
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
These great books offer a blueprint for bold leadership: 
A great way to think about setting and achieving goals: 
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
The true cost of overworked employees:  
"Unless we give kids tools to build with computers, we are raising only consumers instead of creators."  @lindaliukas
A promising way to grow body parts...using an apple:  
How to make a profit while making a difference: 
How do you find forgiveness? Step outside your comfort zone. 
The surprising stories behind clever inventions:  
This powerful talk by Bryan Stevenson got the longest standing ovation in TED's history: 
"Each of us is more than the worst thing we've ever done." - Bryan Stevenson 
10 TED Talks to watch when you don't know what to do with your life:  
Why dirty money is far too easy to hide:  
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
12 TED Talks for people who love words:  
These are the ingredients of a great conversation: 
10 ways to have a better conversation: 
Hexagons! And other reasons to love math:  
5 TED Talks to help you let go of regret: 
How frustration can make you more creative: 
"None of our graduates have gone back to jail." Inside a prison education program: 
This is what happens when you reply to spam email:  
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
5 signs that math education is failing: 
Meet the dazzling flying machines of the future:  
This man revolutionized finance... with complex math: 
"We are going to win this. But it matters a lot how fast we win it." @AlGore on climate change: 
Why Al Gore is optimistic that we can stop climate change:  
What it's like to be Muslim in America right now:  
What the discovery of gravitational waves means: 
“ISIS has as much to do with Islam as the Klu Klux Klan has to do with Christianity.” 
Why your doctor should care about social justice: 
This nerdy approach to fighting crime is much more effective: 
A planetary explorer takes us inside the search for microbes on Mars: 
"When I started talking about my abortion 15 years ago, I was told that my voice didn’t matter." 
Let's design social media that drives real change:  @Ghonim 
An invitation to men who want a better world for women:  @e_nyamayaro #HeForShe
Prosthetic limbs are uncomfortable. Here's how we can fix them: 
The economic case for paid family leave:  @jessicashortall
"We have to change the way we view and prevent infectious diseases." — @GaviSeth 
Should you be able to patent a human gene? 
A refugee shares his harrowing near-death experience: 
"All societies will be multiethnic, multicultural, multi-religious in the future." 
"Virtual reality has the potential to actually change the world." 
"It is Western desire to consume that is the primary driver of international organized crime." 
Why reason is the key driver of human moral progress: 
This technology could lead to designer babies if we don't take a step back now: 
"We want to destroy people but not feel bad about it." Why we all get sucked into social media shaming:  @jonronson
Have we reached the end of physics?  @harryvcliff 
Would you negotiate with someone you knew to be evil, to save lives? 
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
These mini-brains can teach us a lot about how our minds work: 
“Think of the US's drug war not as a rational policy, but as the international projection of a domestic psychosis.” 
"The heat is on!" Inside one of the most exciting, modern adventure stories:  
What happens when companies make helping people a priority: 
The exhilarating peace of freediving:  @guillaumenery 
"Once I had an affair with calculus that lasted longer than some celebrity marriages." 
"The only way to ensure the full participation of women globally is by reclaiming religion." — @almmura 
"Once I had an affair with calculus that lasted longer than some celebrity marriages." 
How do you teach a computer to understand what a cat is? 
The incredible story of how we landed on a comet, for the first time ever: 
"Our memory tells us stories. What we get to keep from our experiences is a story." 
14 #TEDTalks on the dark side of data: 
Pluto is the farthest planet we've ever reached. But why stop there? 
"Sharks are basically the same fish they were 300 million years ago." 
Why it's a mistake to keep important information classified: 
Would you be brave enough to leap from the stratosphere? This man was: 
Can you tell which poem was written by a computer? 
How I found a mythical boiling river in the Amazon:  @georuzo 
A spoken word poem about life on the front lines of high school:  @MalcolmLondon
"As long as there have been public executions, there have been the crowds to see them."  @francesrlarson
"Our default wiring is to help. But then the question is, why don't we?" 
A meditation on the bittersweet joys of childhood — and how to hold them in mind: 
How I turned a deadly plant into a thriving business:  
Why anti-Muslim hate speech is the best propaganda for terrorists: 
Data proves why you should never try to park in New York City: 
Learn something fun in the next three minutes: 
"Solitude is where you find yourself so you can reach out to other people and form real attachments." 
"Solitude is where you find yourself so that you can reach out to other people and form real attachments." 
Will the next generation of basketball coaches be computers? 
That sneezy person on the plane doesn't have to infect everyone: 
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
What life is like for an Ebola survivor:  
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
9 #TEDTalks for your inner child:  
12 TED Talks on how to end poverty: 
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse:  
This is the future of travel: 
"Overwork doesn’t just exhaust employees, it can sap a company’s profits and saddle taxpayers with hidden costs." 
7 #TEDTalks about how to grow your own stuff:  
These two sisters want to make plastic waste a thing of the past: 
Forget political correctness. Let's try this instead:  @sallykohn
These Gummi Bears are on a mission to make you think:  
How end of life care can be better for all of us: 
5 TED Talks to help you let go of regret: 
Hexagons! And other reasons to love math:  
"The political and the sexual are intimate bedfellows, and that is true for us all." 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
Surprising advice for anyone who wants to change the world for the better: 
“Even people raised on hate can make a choice about who they want to be.”  @ZakEbrahim
5 #TEDTalks full of weird facts about sex:  
This mind-bending new science might explain life's biggest questions: 
A short, powerful talk about falling in love with science: 
A great way to think about setting and achieving goals: 
How messy problems can inspire creativity:  @TimHarford 
This talk is a lovely reminder to be kind to yourself: 
Meet the dazzling flying machines of the future:  #TED2016 
The strange, confusing, endlessly funny things people say to TED's new personal assistant:  via @LinkedIn
That's a wrap! We can't wait to share the talks with you online...coming soon! #TED2016 
"It will not be our blind faith, but our humble doubt that shines a little light into the darkness of our world." @CaseyGerald #TED2016
"I offer a gospel of doubt. It asks that you believe a new thing: that it is possible not to believe." @CaseyGerald #TED2016
“The biggest danger isn't failing to achieve the American Dream. It's achieving a dream you don’t actually believe.” @courtwrites #TED2016
“If you think you’re a failure, you might be a success by standards you have not yet honored.” @courtwrites #TED2016
"The new 'better off' is less about investing in the perfect family &amp; more about investing in the imperfect village.” @courtwrites #TED2016
"What makes America great is its spirit of reinvention. More Americans are redefining what 'better off' really means." @courtwrites #TED2016
The best words we heard at #TED2016:  @emckean
Refugees don’t have to be a burden. They’re human beings w/ skills, talents, and the ability to make contributions if we let them. #TED2016
“How have we adopted such an inhumane response for a humanitarian crisis?” @alexander_betts calls for a new vision of refugee aid #TED2016
This shows 26 hours in the Serengeti, woven together into one image by photographer @swilkesphoto. #TED2016 
"In a world threatened with climate change, we are a carbon neutral country. We are the only one." @tsheringtobgay, PM of Bhutan #TED2016
What happened when @shondarhimes decided to say yes to everything:  #Scandal #TED2016 
Chris Milk hosts the “largest collective virtual reality viewing in history” at #TED2016:  
The myth that holds misfits back:  @LidiaYuknavitch #TED2016 
Why prosecutors are the key to changing the criminal justice system:  @adamjohnfoss #TED2016 
Why one venture capitalist is teaching prisoners to code:  #TED2016 
"I love my country, despite the terrible situation we live in. There is life, passion, dreamers." Ameera Harouda on life in Gaza #TED2016
Shonda Rhimes shares how she learned to love work again at #TED2016:  #TGIT #Scandal 
“Design is one of the most powerful tools at our disposal to improve our quality of life.” @alicerawsthorn #TED2016
"What you hear about a piece of text before you listen to it changes the way your brain processes the information." Uri Hasson #TED2016
Delightful demo at #TED2016 — @milk's latest virtual reality experience. 
@marshalederman @milk Hi Marsha, if you go to the IT help desk, you can experience it there. We have Samsung phones you can use :)
"Virtual reality makes anyone, anywhere feel local. It works like an empathy system." @milk #TED2016
Chris Milk calls virtual reality "the last medium" because it will allow us to experience the author's world firsthand. #TED2016
Our first holographic teleportation on the #TED2016 stage, via @HoloLens augmented reality. @akipman 
Artist @angelicadass matches skin tone to Pantone colors to celebrate humanity's many colors. #TED2016 
"We still live in a world where the color of our skin not only gives a first impression, but a lasting one." @angelicadass #TED2016
"Children who are more advanced in mind reading and self control tell lies earlier and are more sophisticated liars." Kang Lee #TED2016
"When people lie, blood flow on the cheeks decreases and blood flow on the nose increases." Kang Lee on lie detection #TED2016
"Access to social platforms has given young Africans something we've always had to violently take: a voice." @SiyandaWrites #TED2016
"Our algorithm based on semantic coherence could predict w/ 100% accuracy who would develop psychosis and who would not." @mariuchu #TED2016
@pav_koronis So glad you enjoyed it!!
"I believe that our children’s children will grow up in a world devoid of 2D technology." @akipman of @HoloLens #TED2016
"We’re like cave people in computer terms; we just discovered charcoal and started drawing the first stick figures." @akipman #TED2016
"What if we could peek into our brains and see our dreams, maybe even shape them?" Neuroscientist Moran Cerf #TED2016
"Sometimes telling the story is the thing that saves your life." @LidiaYuknavitch #TED2016
“If we reimagined the school to prison pipeline, we’d build a society that is safer, worthy of raising our children.” @johnlegend #TED2016
"I've kept more people out of jail as a prosecutor, and helped them stay out, than I ever could have as a defender." @adamjohnfoss #TED2016
"I learned the power of the prosecutor to change lives instead of ruining them." @adamjohnfoss on compassionate justice #TED2016
"I came out as a prosecutor expecting to do justice, but I never learned what justice was in classes. None of us do." @adamjohnfoss #TED2016
"We are facing a lack of visionary, servant leadership. That’s what I think the problem is." @arthurbrooks on US politics #TED2016
"We need a new day in flexible ideology. We need to be less predictable." @arthurbrooks on ending political polarization #TED2016
"A majority of people in our country believe they are motivated by love, but the other side is motivated by hate." @arthurbrooks #TED2016
How do you hope society will be different 50 years from now? #myTEDdream #TED2016
At #TED2016, Cédric Villani invited us to experience the thrill of mathematical discovery. 
6 lessons we learned today at #TED2016:  
At #TED2016, activist @danpallotta dared us to stop chasing dreams at the expense of our present lives. 
6 statistics that show why Al Gore feels optimistic about climate change:  #TED2016 
“Our history has scarred us, bruised us, injured us. But when we tell the truth about it, we change things." Bryan Stevenson #TED2016
"I don’t believe slavery ended in 1865; it evolved." Bryan Stevenson on the legacy of racial injustice #TED2016
"In America, we are not free. We're burdened by a history of racial injustice, and we never addressed that legacy." Bryan Stevenson #TED2016
"Buildings are not simply expressive sculptures; they make visible our collective aspirations as a society." @mpmurphyjr #TED2016
"Architecture can be a transformative engine for change." @mpmurphyjr #TED2016
"Congress is almost always the last to realize they’re on the wrong side of history." @dan_at_brady on gun control #Enough #TED2016
"Every day in the US, 9 children are shot by accident — almost all with a parent's gun." @dan_at_brady on gun control #TED2016
"Humans presume that the safest option is always to preserve the status quo, but that’s not always true." @JenniferMKahn on CRISPR #TED2016
"We now have the ability to change entire species. Should we? Are we gods now?" @JenniferMKahn on CRISPR gene drives #TED2016
"1000 children a day die of malaria; in a year, that number could be almost 0." @JenniferMKahn on altering mosquito genes w/ CRISPR #TED2016
@mikeliguori @algore So glad you heard it was great! The talk just ended a few minutes ago, but we hope to have it up in the near future.
"Hunger and extreme poverty curb human potential in every possible way." @OneAcreFund #TED2016
"Enough solar energy reaches Earth every hour to fill the world’s energy needs for a full year." @algore on climate change #TED2016
"We have the will to act, and the will to act is itself a renewable resource." @algore on climate change progress #TED2016
Al Gore is talking about why he's optimistic for the future of climate change at #TED2016. 
Insight into the minds of original thinkers, from @AdamMGrant at #TED2016. 
What did the lost city of Tanis look like? 8 mysteries of the ancient past:  #TED2016 
Our government online services should be as good as tech from Silicon Valley, says @haleyvandyck. #TED2016 
"There’s been a narrow-minded focus on corporate profitability, at the expense of employees and communities." Paul Tudor Jones #TED2016
When was the last time you truly listened to a stranger's story? @kiostark #TED2016 
This is what a modern Indiana Jones would do with a million dollars:  
@cher 😍 😘
IBM Watson offers $5 million prize for an AI @xprize presented by TED:  
The best quotes from Linus Torvalds, live onstage at #TED2016:  
"You cannot deliver victory without optimism." @CFigueres on how she brokered the #ParisAgreement #TED2016
"A global citizen is someone who self-identifies first and foremost as a member of the human race." @Hughcevans, @GlblCtzn #TED2016
“Fear makes us more accepting of conformity and prejudice. The toxic air of fear is harming us all.” @DMogahed #TED2016
“ISIS has as much to do with Islam as the Klu Klux Klan has to do with Christianity.” @DMogahed #TED2016
"Connectivity, not sovereignty, has become the organizing principle of the human species." @paragkhanna #TED2016
We need virtual reality that "extends the human experience instead of just gamifying our reality." @merongribetz @metaglasses #TED2016
"We are so fraught with anxiety over being watched, but then we obsess over celebrity." Artist @RLukeDuBois on surveillance #TED2016
“If we do our jobs well, we’re invisible. As soon as we make a mistake, we copy editors become glaringly visible.” @marynorristny #TED2016
Shonda Rhimes' TED Talk is up online now! The first from #TED2016:  @shondarhimes 
"For the American economy to grow, to truly innovate, we cannot leave behind half our population." @reshmasaujani on girls in tech #TED2016
"We're raising our girls to be perfect, and we’re raising our boys to be brave." @reshmasaujani on why that's a problem #TED2016
“Open source really allows different people to work together. We don’t have to like each other.” Linus Torvalds, Linux creator #TED2016
“I am not a visionary. I do not have a 5-year plan. I do not have a moonshot. I am an engineer.” Linus Torvalds, Linux creator #TED2016
“If I was stranded on an island and the only way to get off was to make a pretty UI, I'd die there.” Linus Torvalds, Linux creator #TED2016
"I do code for fun, but I want to code something meaningful. Everything I’ve done has been something I needed." Linus Torvalds #TED2016
We're excited to share our newest @TEDBooks, The Boiling River by @georuzo!  #TED2016 
At #TED2016, 10-year-old @Ishita_katyal schooled us on why we should help children achieve their big dreams now. 
“I believe there are millions of archaeological sites left to find." Meet a modern-day Indiana Jones:  #TED2016
Learn more about this year's @TEDPrize winner, space archaeologist Sarah Parcak:  @indyfromspace #TED2016
Space archaeologist Sarah Parcak shares her wish for this year's million-dollar @TEDPrize at #TED2016. 
“We’ve been obsessed with cats for thousands of years.” Archaeologist @indyfromspace #TED2016 
"It is not the pyramids that stand the test of time; it is human ingenuity. That is our shared human brilliance." @indyfromspace #TED2016
@MonicaLewinsky @nancykatyal @Ishita_katyal love this :)
“Why study the ancient past? Because it gives us perspective and humility.” Paleontologist @kenlacovara #TED2016
This is a femur from the Dreadnoughtus, a plant-eating dinosaur 9x bigger than a T-Rex @kenlacovara #TED2016 
"I am the peer of whoever I'm talking to." @TheNormanLear #TED2016
Follow us on @Snapchat for an exclusive, behind-the-scenes look at #TED2016! 
"Experiencing someone as an individual opens up our idea of who counts as human. It is a political act." @kiostark #TED2016
"Visionaries focus on the present. They talk 15% more about today and 14% less about the future than average." @QuantComms #TED2016
We often act out of character to reach a goal, but if we do it for too long without recovering, we risk burnout. @DrBrianRLittle #TED2016
"When you doubt yourself, that is paralyzing. When you doubt your ideas, it energizes you." @AdamMGrant #TED2016
"Procrastinating is a vice when it comes to productivity, but it can be a virtue when it comes to creativity." @AdamMGrant #TED2016
"It’s always been a dream of mine to have done a TED Talk in the past.” @timurban80 on procrastination #TED2016
“LIGO lets us hear the universe, hear the invisible. We can literally hear the universe speaking to us.” @AllanAdamsYG #TED2016
If you've never heard of the @TEDFellow program, it's pretty awesome.  via @WIRED #TED2016 
With your power to build a better future, what problem or challenge do you most want to tackle? #myTEDdream #TED2016
"There is a better future for us, but to get there, we need an inspiring, collective, inclusive ambition for humanity." @maejemison #TED2016
"Human interstellar travel is necessary for building a better tomorrow. It fosters radical leaps in our understanding." @maejemison #TED2016
"The computer is the great equalizer. Ppl with disabilities can learn to program, make a living, be more independent." @diyability #TED2016
.@machinationstu learned 3D modeling, electronics and programming from scratch to make his ultimate toy. #TED2016 
"Black men trust their barbers more than they trust doctors." Joseph Ravenell trains barbers to advocate for customers' health #TED2016
"If people with disabilities are allowed into the scientific field, an explosion of knowledge will take place." Wanda Diaz Merced #TED2016
@haleyvandyck Your talk was incredible today! We went on a bit of a tweetstorm because we were so excited about it.
Our tech sector is the envy of the world. There is no reason our government’s online services shouldn’t be too. @haleyvandyck @USDS #TED2016
"When the status quo is the riskiest option, there is simply no choice other than radical disruption." @haleyvandyck @USDS #TED2016
"We don’t care about political views. We care about making government work better." @haleyvandyck on improving tech in govt @USDS #TED2016
The federal govt spends 86 billion on tech projects. 94% are behind schedule, 40% never see the light of day. @haleyvandyck @USDS #TED2016
"On my first day in government in 2008, I was handed a laptop running Windows 97." @haleyvandyck, co-founder of the @USDS #TED2016
@jgebbia Fantastic job on your talk! And we loved the joke ;)
If we can use design to overcome the stranger danger bias, what social bias can design conquer next? @Airbnb founder @jgebbia #TED2016
“The sharing economy is commerce with the promise of human connection. People share a part of themselves.” @jgebbia @Airbnb #TED2016
“Science always escapes its inventor. It has a life of its own.” @Cedric_Villani on Einstein and the gravitational waves discovery #TED2016
"Mathematics allows us to go beyond our intuition and explore territories which do not fit within our grasp." @Cedric_Villani #TED2016
@FrankGruber voted ;)
@CodyJackson25 So glad you enjoyed it!
@LDSartmusicfilm Hi Laura, we release one talk per day on  and many of these will be up soon!
@CathyHackl our pleasure, and we're so glad you enjoyed it!
@haleyvandyck @USDS You'll be great! Your work is inspiring, and we're so excited for your talk :)
"We have all devalued our personal life; I am taking my life back. I say yes to less work and more play." @shondarhimes #TED2016
“If the song of my heart ceases to play, can I survive in the silence?" @shondarhimes #TED2016 
"A dream job isn’t all dreaming; it’s all job, all reality, all blood, all sweat, all tears." @shondarhimes #TED2016
"We don’t set the standard much higher than stability when it comes to our emotional life." Dan Pallotta believes we should. #TED2016
@healthychickie Thank you! Our annual conference is happening this week, so follow the hashtag or @TEDTalks for live updates :)
@JodisJourneys @TEDchris Thank you! We're glad to be here :)
This is the entire human genome of a single man. 3 billion letters. 262,000 printed pages. @rikisabatini #TED2016 
"Enthusiastic skepticism is not the enemy of boundless optimism. It’s optimism’s perfect partner." @astroteller #TED2016
This balloon may someday deliver Internet to remote places, reaching 4 billion more people. @astroteller #TED2016 
"Sometimes shifting your perspective is more powerful than being smart." @astroteller on bold innovation #TED2016
"Instead of asking children what they want to be when they grow up, we should ask them what they want to be now." @Ishita_katyal #TED2016
It's time for TED! #TED2016 
"Why does social justice comedy work? On a scale of comedy to brochure, the average American prefers comedy." @NeginFarsad #TED2016
@GeriFeiock @staffination enjoy the show! :)
"Perovskite is the future of solar." It's more efficient than silicone — and much cheaper. @SamStranks #TED2016 
"Survivors are often re-victimized by the very system built to seek and protect justice." @nguyen_amanda on sexual assault laws #TED2016
"Long before music was charted or studied, it was part of everyday life. Free, innovative, open to interpretation" @BlitzAmbassador #TED2016
"Normal is simply a construction of what we’ve been exposed to and how visible it is around us." @safwat #TED2016
"We don't have to live in a world where 99% of rapists get away with it. We can create a world w/ a real deterrent." @JessicaHLadd #TED2016
"In the age of surveillance, there are few places that reporters and sources can hide." @TrevorTimm on protecting whistleblowers #TED2016
96% of genome studies and 95% of clinical trials have been done on people of European ancestry. @keolufox calls for diversity #TED2016
“The pen is big enough for us all." @AllThingsAfrica on why we need more diverse stories of Africa #TED2016 
These apples are implanted with human cells to create ears that may work as prosthetics. @pellinglab #TED2016 
@paragkhanna Hi Parag! We're so excited for your talk this week! @TEDTalks is our official handle so we can follow your tweets :)
Here's what we tell speakers to think about before they take the stage:  #TED2016
10 TED Talks to celebrate #BlackHistoryMonth:  
@PauliinaGrym We have a couple talks coming up this week on how saving the Earth can be good business. Excited to share them soon :)
"Little girls don't know that they are not supposed to like computers. It's the parents who do."  @lindaliukas
How do you hope the world will change in the future? #myTEDdream #TED2016
Follow us on @Snapchat for an exclusive, behind-the-scenes look at #TED2016! 
"Unless we give kids tools to build with computers, we are raising only consumers instead of creators."  @lindaliukas
How sliced bread caught on, and other stories of ideas that get people talking: 
How death shapes our cities:  @alisonkilling
"Don't stand by the sidelines when you see someone getting hurt. If someone is being abused online, do something." 
The story behind one of our most iconic images of space:  
Why we must try to solve the refugee crisis: 
Join us tomorrow night for the start of #TED2016! Watch in theaters for the first time ever:  
How I walked 500 miles through the Australian wilderness:  
How iconic movies bring us into a shared world: 
"Each one of us is more than what we have lived through. Especially trafficking survivors." 
A preview of what's to come this week at #TED2016:  
Paid family leave isn't just good for families. It's good for the economy too: 
"Pain is the most complex human experience." 
"America is simultaneously the most and the least successful country in the industrialized world." 
We need to stop thinking of Mars as a place to move after we've messed up Earth: 
"Machine intelligence is the last invention that humanity will ever need to make." 
Music is all around us. Here’s how to listen for it: 
Everything is coming together at #TED2016. Almost ready for showtime! 
@angelicadass Your rehearsal was wonderful this morning! So excited for your talk.
This is what enduring love looks like:  
We're excited to be back in Vancouver for #TED2016! 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
5 #TEDTalks on the weird science of love:   
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
"Falling in love is not the same thing as staying in love. Falling in love is the easy part." — @LenMandy 
One of our greatest works of art was not always so beloved: 
Lessons in courage, from a team of Japanese firefighters: 
A simple way to break a bad habit: 
@RachaelNocera Thank you! We love this city :)
It's almost time for #TED2016! Check out this year's amazing speakers:  
TED is coming soon to a movie theater near you, for the first time ever. Buy your tickets now:  #TED2016
@FloraBarton that sounds like so much fun! enjoy :)
@jgebbia Great rehearsal today! Looking forward to your talk :)
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
@FloraBarton We hope you'll be there! And here's a link for anyone who wants to join :) 
“Freedom is possible even inside a prison. The only bars we have in our classroom is the word ‘bars.’”
 
We’re excited to hear from this extraordinary new @TEDFellow class at #TED2016 this week:  
These #TEDTalks will help you become a confident, compelling public speaker: 
"Knowledge is almost always better than ignorance — and usually less frightening."  @JamieJBartlett
"Figuring out how to build a more just world is our work to do and our story to tell." 
7 #TEDTalks to make your commute go faster: 
Why we desperately need to redesign the refrigerator: 
"Every human being needs to listen consciously in order to live fully." 
A bold plan to transform the Sahara desert by turning sand dunes into architecture:  
"Being absolutely true to yourself is freedom." 
Religion can be good — but it must be equal: 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
25 unmissable books by this year's incredible speakers. Have you read them yet? #TED2016 
25 books by the brilliant people speaking at #TED2016:  
Watch the opening session of #TED2016 in theaters! Buy your tickets here: 
@indyfromspace @TEDPrize We can't wait to see you here!
The math of history shows deep underlying patterns: 
How to gain creative confidence:  
The secret sneaker market — and why it matters:  @Campless 
The problem with race-based medicine:  @DorothyERoberts 
The case for fish farming:  
Why we should treat violence like a contagious disease: 
Watch these adorable robots play follow the leader: 
How an opera singer found her voice after a double lung transplant: 
Why gun violence is America's epidemic: 
The coolest animal you know nothing about... and how we can save it:  @MediciPatricia 
An art made of trust, vulnerability and connection:  
How beautiful funeral traditions around the world celebrate life: 
Fascinating funeral traditions from around the globe: 
"The biggest animal that ever lived is still alive. It's not a dinosaur; it's a whale." 
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse:  
My life in Syria:  
@diyability We're excited to have you! See you soon :)
@monicabyrne13 yeah...at least the rain is light and sporadic so far :)
These women risk their lives to do something you do every day: 
@amyleerobinson Excited to see you here soon!
How to stay active during your workday when it's too dark and cold for walking meetings: 
"Huge areas of ice are breaking off from Antarctica the size of small nations."  
10 things that are way more awesome than your sandwich: 
A kinder way to train your puppy: 
The untapped genius that could change science for the better:  @JedidahIslerPhD #WomenInSTEM 
We can't stop watching this exclusive, behind-the-scenes clip from OK Go’s new music video — filmed in zero gravity! 
The inspiring story of the first black woman to earn a PhD in astrophysics from Yale:  #WomenInSTEM
11 TED Talks by brilliant #WomenInSTEM: 
A short, powerful talk about falling in love with science:  #WomenInSTEM
How to create a stronger password so you don't get hacked: 
3 ways good design makes you happy: 
These great books offer a blueprint for bold leadership: 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
4 inspiring kids imagine the future of learning: 
What do you want to be remembered for at the end of your life? 
7 #TEDTalks to help you find the right job:  
"Curiosity doesn’t take anything from you. Curiosity just gives." — @GilbertLiz 
Why the body-bending poses in cat pictures are a huge challenge to AI technology: 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think: 
A hilarious call for us to save the word "awesome" for things that truly inspire awe: 
We can grow our own clothes. Here's how: 
How I'm discovering the secrets of ancient texts:  
6 thinkers whose depressing ideas will make you feel better: 
Why alone time is an important part of a healthy relationship: 
Why you shouldn't try to be the perfect lover:  
3 ways to hack your love life...with math! 
"Perfection is the death of all good things." — @GilbertLiz 
17 must-read books about leadership: 
How to read a politician's body language:  
"The meme that married people are happier and healthier than single people is unfounded." 
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
Want to spend a week with some of the world's greatest thinkers? Join us at #TED2017: 
"The world I believe in is one where we're measured by our ability to overcome adversities, not avoid them." 
How to stay calm when you know you'll be stressed:   @danlevitin 
An eco-friendly alternative to styrofoam: 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
How we'll survive if wheat, corn and rice crops are destroyed by climate change: 
Are the Arctic ice caps rotting away?  
The time has come for America to offer paid family leave to all working parents: 
The boiling river in the Amazon:  @georuzo 
Shape-shifting tech will change work as we know it:  
A fascinating, funny look at how birds fly in sync: 
An artist's odd quest to draw attention to the California Drought:  
A delightful way to design electronics, including a paper piano you can sketch and then play: 
Would you be brave enough to leap from the stratosphere? This man was: 
What makes a serial killer like Ted Bundy tick? A neuroscientist explains how their brains work: 
How we'll resurrect the Tasmanian tiger: 
Two nameless bodies washed up on the beach. Here are their stories:  @afjellberg
An Iraq war movie crowd-sourced from soldiers: 
Applications are now open to attend #TED2017! Learn more here: 
I love being a police officer, but we need reform:  
If you could erase bad memories, would you do it? The science of memory manipulation: 
These psychedelic sculptures will transport you to new worlds:  
Economic growth has stalled. Let's fix it:  @dambisamoyo 
We're excited to announce our theme for #TED2017: The Future You.  
Refugees have the right to be protected: 
Social media can start a revolution -- but real change is harder: 
The microbes on your skin are almost as unique as your fingerprints. Here's what they say about you: 
Should you be able to patent a human gene?  
The strange new challenge of burying our dead:  @alisonkilling
"We need to build a future underwater city. Or better yet, a network of them around the world." 
"Why can't we use our anger to challenge and change the evils of the world?" - Nobel Peace Prize winner @k_satyarthi 
This technology could lead to designer babies if we don't take a step back now: 
Does the media have a responsibility to give you what you need or what you want? 
How we'll find life on other planets:  @aomawa 
"Each one of us is more than what we have lived through. Especially trafficking survivors." 
4 ways we can avoid a catastrophic drought:  @water4point0 
The historical causes of the current refugee crisis: 
Why we're not ready for the next global disease outbreak: 
How a NASA engineer invented the Super Soaker, and other odd origin stories: 
"In an age of constant movement, nothing is so urgent as sitting still." 
"These women lived in the 'and.' They proved you could be fierce and you could be feminine." 
"Pain is the most complex human experience." 
"Words are like LEGO. If you use enough force, you can put any two of them together." 
“To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.” 
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
Buy your tickets now and be the first to see these extraordinary talks:  #TED2016 
How electroshock therapy developed as a cure for severe, life-threatening depression: 
How the Sistine Chapel spawned a public relations nightmare:  
"If you are going to be an ally, I need you to see me." - @ashbeckham 
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
This delightful talk will make you love poetry: 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
5 #TEDTalks on the truth about lying: 
Why we need to start planning for the next global disease outbreak now: 
TED is coming soon to a movie theater near you, for the first time ever. Buy your tickets now:  #TED2016
How movies have the power to shape our memories and worldviews: 
10 #TEDTalks by women that everyone should watch: 
Weird things we know about the 6,000 miles of road in New York City: 
"Everywhere I go, I see people who are broke but not broken." 
These #TEDTalks will help you become a confident, compelling public speaker: 
12 TED Talks full of fascinating history:  
"I can't promise my child a life without bias, but I promise to bias my child with multiple perspectives." 
"Knowledge is almost always better than ignorance — and usually less frightening."  @JamieJBartlett
"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
"Figuring out how to build a more just world is our work to do and our story to tell." 
7 #TEDTalks to make your commute go faster: 
"I'm kind of obsessed with flags." And now you will be too. 
"Being absolutely true to yourself is freedom." 
This is what it feels like to live with schizophrenia: 
"Gradually, my awareness started to return. But no one realized that I had come back to life." 
What should the future of capitalism look like?  
"A lot of people can boldly ask for a raise, but can’t ask for a hug. And a lot have the opposite problem." 
"Every human being needs to listen consciously in order to live fully." 
The reality of new working motherhood in America is both hidden and horrible: 
How our bodies "leak" our true emotions when we're dishonest: 
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
What makes a good life? Lessons from the longest study on happiness: 
Snowflakes the size of soccer fields:  
@tedxvancouver Thank you for sharing Matthew's wonderful talk! Our official handle is @TEDTalks :)
If anyone stands to benefit from a sensible workday, it’s employers: 
Gorgeous photos of underwater sculptures, teeming with life:  
This pill may be a cure for radiation poisoning:  
What life is like for an Ebola survivor:  
The inspiring story of the first black woman to earn a PhD in astrophysics from Yale: 
Special Olympics let me be myself — a champion:  
Antibiotics might stop working soon. Here's what that will mean: 
How to attack a pandemic? Share your data: 
How to turn shame into strength: 
To stop the next big virus, we need to work together: 
The surprising stories behind clever inventions:  
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
8 perfectly legal ways criminals hide money: 
Why dirty money is far too easy to hide:  
Watch #TED2016 live in cinemas for the first time ever! Buy your tickets now: 
How to heal from difficult experiences... without letting them define you:  #WorldCancerDay
7 TED Talks celebrate the beauty of friendship:  #FriendsDay
A delightful conversation about the joy of long-term friendship:  #FriendsDay
"Only a small part of the cancer experience is about medicine."  #WorldCancerDay
7 TED Talks with insights on breast cancer:  #WorldCancerDay
"Ever notice how we tend to identify ourselves by our wounds?"  #WorldCancerDay
"We can't think about cancer -- let alone any disease -- in black-and-white terms."  #WorldCancerDay
"Catching cancer early is the closest thing we have to a silver bullet cure against it."   #WorldCancerDay
This test can detect cancer before you show any symptoms. Watch a live demo:  #WorldCancerDay 
How we'll fight the next deadly virus:  @PardisSabeti 
"Claim your experience, but don't let it claim you."  #WorldCancerDay
7 TED Talks on how we're fighting cancer:  #WorldCancerDay 
This teen's loss inspired him to invent a test for pancreatic cancer:  #WorldCancerDay
This talk is a must-watch for every working parent: 
If you've ever loved an addict, this talk is for you: 
The true cost of overworked employees:  
Why rejection hurts so much — and what to do about it:  
Why we should take our emotional health as seriously as we take our physical health: 
5 #TEDTalks full of weird facts about sex:  
How to gain creative confidence:  
This is what happens when you reply to spam email:  @veitchtweets 
How messy problems can inspire creativity:  @TimHarford 
Glow-in-the-dark sharks and other stunning sea creatures:  
The surprising story behind the best-selling solo piano album of all time: 
Why the color of your dinner plate matters, and other odd lessons about how we eat: 
This artist uses candy to change how we think about burkas:  
Bold thoughts on capitalism from Greece’s former finance minister: 
A robot that runs and swims like a salamander:  
One of our greatest works of art was not always so beloved: 
A simple way to break a bad habit:  
A radical vision for work that doesn't control your life: 
#TED2016 is coming soon to a movie theater near you. Buy your tickets now: 
Photos of secret sites most people never see:  
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
9 TED Talks to make you feel like a kid again: 
Why alone time is an important part of a healthy relationship: 
How our education system fails young boys, and what we can do to fix it: 
These two sisters want to make plastic waste a thing of the past: 
Want to eat well? Forget about willpower:  
"This is the Pope's private chapel, and the best way you can describe that is indeed a stew of nudes."  @lizlevrome
"The way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep." 
Soon you’ll be able to 3D-print your clothes at home:  @danitpeleg3d
How video games can help get boys excited about learning: 
A meditation on the bittersweet joys of childhood — and how to hold them in mind: 
"Little girls don't know that they are not supposed to like computers. It's the parents who do."  @lindaliukas
A spell-binding journey into the Amazon -- where rivers boil and legends come to life:  @georuzo
How I found a mythical boiling river in the Amazon:  @georuzo 
How frustration can make us more creative: 
Frustration can derail your creative process... or it can make you more creative than ever: 
Watch the opening session of #TED2016 in theaters! Buy your tickets here: 
Can a black man talk about white culture? An open letter to critics:  @RichBenjaminUSA 
Modern politics turn you off? 8 #TEDTalks to restore your faith in politics: 
"We want to destroy people but not feel bad about it." Why we all get sucked into social media shaming:  @jonronson
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
"Crime is a product of a distorted mind." 
Before we go to Mars, let's save Earth:   @shaka_lulu
"We can't think about cancer -- let alone any disease -- in black-and-white terms." 
A spoken word poem about life on the front lines of high school:  @MalcolmLondon
Does racism affect how you vote? @NateSilver538 uses stats to uncover a fascinating insight: 
The little problem I had renting a house:  #BlackHistoryMonth 
10 TED Talks to celebrate #BlackHistoryMonth:  
"I need to do everything in my power to eradicate racism in my lifetime."  #BlackHistoryMonth
A delightful way to teach kids about computers:  @lindaliukas 
"With increased wealth and profits has to come greater corporate social responsibility." - Paul Tudor Jones II 
What happens when a city runs out of room for its dead:  @alisonkilling 
A delightful way to design electronics, including a paper piano you can sketch and then play: 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
“There’s a very personal price to public humiliation, and the growth of the Internet has jacked up that price.” 
Will the next generation of basketball coaches be computers? 
Mars might hold the secret to the origin of life: 
"As a black thinker and writer, I interpret and explain mainstream white America back to itself."  @RichBenjaminUSA
"We have to change the way we view and prevent infectious diseases." — @GaviSeth 
Comedian John @Hodgman's detalied, hilarious proof of the existence of aliens (and, even stranger, love): 
These robots are training for the 2050 World Cup:  
The incredible story of how we landed on a comet, for the first time ever: 
"We weren't using data-driven policing. We were essentially trying to fight crime with yellow Post-it notes." 
"The wonderfully seductive idea of the unbiased, clean search result is a myth." — @andreasekstrom 
7 beautiful GIFs of creatures that light up the ocean:  
"One is a flash of white light. Six is a tiny and very sad black hole." A unique way of looking at the world: 
Unforgettable cases for true crime buffs: 
Can you tell which poem was written by a computer? 
"Current politics serves us a mountain of bureaucratic jargon." How we can fix that: 
"The United States has a dark history of disproportionately punishing people because of their political views." 
"Black holes can bang on space-time like mallets on a drum." 
Weird things we know about the 6,000 miles of road in New York City: 
Gorgeous photos of underwater sculptures, teeming with life:  
A fascinating look at how butterflies self-medicate: 
Beautiful, intricate stories cut from paper:  
How an elite squad of Tokyo firefighters fought a nuclear disaster:  
An incredible story of physical and mental endurance: 
Why the color of your dinner plate matters, and other odd lessons about how we eat: 
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
This is what Amy Cuddy looks for during political debates: 
The fanciest paper cutouts you'll ever see:  
Scientists can be wrong, but we should trust them anyway. Here's why: 
How I walked 500 miles through the Australian wilderness:  
How can we think of death as a part of life?  via @TEDRadioHour
This is the future of travel: 
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
“Freedom is possible even inside a prison. The only bars we have in our classroom is the word ‘bars.’”
 
#TED2016 is coming soon to a movie theater near you. Buy your tickets now: 
Lessons in courage, from a team of Japanese firefighters: 
These butterflies may help us find life-saving medicines: 
How to know if your dog really loves you: 
5 TED Talks to help you let go of regret: 
Want to eat well? Forget about willpower:  
Our campaign to ban plastic bags in Bali:  
Astonishing photos of caves made from ice and snow:  
I love being a police officer, but we need reform:  
"It is Western desire to consume that is the primary driver of international organized crime." 
What's it like to be a woman in competitive gaming? A female gamer explains: 
This solar-powered plane can fly for 118 hours:  
How a blind man uses echolocation to see the world with his ears: 
Fascinating tales from the Internet's early days: 
"Solitude is where you find yourself so that you can reach out to other people and form real attachments." 
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
Did you know space ice cream only made it onto one flight? Turns out, it's gross.  
Stunning photos of the ocean's glory -- and horror:  
Learn something fun in the next three minutes: 
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse:  
These Gummi Bears are on a mission to make you think:  
"In 1982, there were only two other Dannys on the Internet then. I knew them both." 
This artist uses candy to change how we think about burkas:  
The amazing science of lab-grown organs:  
9 #TEDTalks for your inner child:  
Why wine tastes better if you think it's expensive, and more curious facts about pleasure: 
12 TED Talks on how to end poverty: 
How end of life care can be better for all of us: 
"We need to start judging people by what they do, not what they look like."  
A robot that runs and swims like a salamander:  
The secret ingredient that makes some teams better than others:  
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship: 
"Great leaders dare to be different. They don't just talk about risk-taking; they actually do it." 
"Reading textbooks is stressful, but reading does not matter when you feel your story is already written." 
Programmers have more power than we know: 
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
We added math to basketball and made it super nerdy. You're welcome! 
A hilarious celebration of lifelong female friendship:  
9 TED Talks to make you feel like a kid again: 
5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
Why alone time is an important part of a healthy relationship: 
Have you ever walked into a room and forgotten why you're there? Here's why: 
This is the Amazon's powerful secret: 
"If you tell people you're depressed, everyone runs the other way." Let's end the stigma.  #BellLetsTalk
7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health:  #BellLetsTalk
4 #TEDTalks on overcoming depression:  #BellLetsTalk 
Should you be able to patent a human gene?  
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality."  #BellLetsTalk
How should we talk about mental health? Thoughtful ideas from experts:  #BellLetsTalk
Your emails are like postcards that everyone can read. Here's a better option: 
Why you shouldn't try to be the perfect lover:  
Want a more productive team? Stop measuring productivity: 
58 books to read in 2016, recommended by TED speakers:  
5 signs that math education is failing: 
Watch the opening session of #TED2016 in theaters! Buy your tickets here: 
Your natural sleep cycle keeps really weird hours: 
Soon you’ll be able to 3D-print your clothes at home:  @danitpeleg3d
"The way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep." 
How childhood trauma affects your health later on: 
These maps show one book worth reading from every country in the world:  
How a blind man uses echolocation to see the world with his ears: 
How the Sistine Chapel spawned a public relations nightmare:  
One of our greatest works of art was not always so beloved: 
More women have died of heart disease than men in the past decades. Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
A fascinating, funny look at how birds fly in sync: 
Glow-in-the-dark sharks and other stunning sea creatures:  
“I wanted to moneyball criminal justice.” Why smart statistics are the key to fighting crime: 
"To walk across a melting ocean of ice is without a doubt the most frightening thing."  
If you could erase bad memories, would you do it? The science of memory manipulation: 
This beautiful talk on growing up black in America is one of our top picks of 2015:  
This technology could lead to designer babies if we don't take a step back now: 
The future of flying robots:  
The hunt for a supermassive black hole:  
The science that helps vegetative patients communicate with loved ones:  
Bold thoughts on capitalism from Greece’s former finance minister: 
How language can affect the way we think:  
45 must-listen podcasts to freshen up your commute:  
Capitalism will eat democracy — unless we speak up:  @yanisvaroufakis 
My hopes, dreams, fears for my future black son:  A powerful letter by poet @ClintSmithIII.
#TED2016 is coming soon to a movie theater near you. Buy your tickets now: 
These are the unintended consequences of being "tough on crime": 
Art made of trust, vulnerability and connection:  
Ever wished you could fly? Here's what it feels like to fly over the Grand Canyon:  
The coolest animal you know nothing about... and how we can save it:  @MediciPatricia 
Privacy matters for everyone -- not just people with something to hide. Here's why: 
Think it's good to be tough on crime? These are the unintended consequences: 
This delightful talk will make you love poetry: 
What ants can teach us about the brain, cancer and the Internet: 
"Trust requires an intelligent judgement." How to be smart about who you trust: 
A moving portrait of powerful black sisterhood: 
Would you fly in a 3D-printed jumbo jet?  
"Motion to try my poor, young black male candidate like a white 75-year-old executive." 
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." 
"Nobody sensible simply wants more trust. Sensible people want to place their trust where it is deserved." 
Should we donate money directly to the poor? A convincing case that yes, we should: 
A tour like no other of the Sistine Chapel:  @lizlevrome
"Nobody sensible simply wants more trust. Sensible people want to place their trust where it is deserved." 
"If nobody told you they loved you today, you remember I do." How one brave principal saved a school: 
6 curious kids interview their moms about life and love:  
"This is the Pope's private chapel, and the best way you can describe that is indeed a stew of nudes."  @lizlevrome
A game-changing approach that could resolve deadly conflict in the Congo: 
"Humor is such a powerful game-changer." 
9 #TEDTalks on how games can improve your life:  
"Buying people out of slavery is like paying a burglar to get your television back; it's abetting a crime." 
The chilling story of the mind games that helped East Germany's secret police gain power: 
"When it comes to our inner life, we can trust the Dalai Lama as an expert whose guidance can benefit us all." 
How to find work you love:  
How we can make games like World of Warcraft to solve real-world problems: 
12 TED Talks for people who love words:  
Why trust and cooperation are essential to good business: 
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and trust." 
A word game to communicate in any language: 
9 crazy things people do in the name of science...and you thought jumping from the stratosphere was weird: 
How money makes you mean: 
Can you spot a fake laugh? You might be surprised: 
Why do we talk about sex like it's a baseball game? Let's try this metaphor instead: 
7 TED Talks on how to be smart about your money:  
How to beat loneliness:  @GuyWinch 
"Falling in love is not the same thing as staying in love. Falling in love is the easy part." — @LenMandy 
This is why loneliness hurts so much: 
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
"Money is the most successful story ever invented by humans, because it is the only story everybody believes." 
"You've got to identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most." How to achieve lasting success: 
"When people pursue money too avidly, they forget about the basic pleasures of life."  
3 tips for dealing with loneliness: 
How much money teachers earn around the world: 
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
"Passion is your greatest love. Passion will help you create the highest expression of your talent." 
"Chronic loneliness poses as significant a risk for your long-term health and longevity as cigarette smoking." 
This is what happens inside your body when you laugh: 
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
A lovely reminder that your depth of character is just as important as your accomplishments: 
The unheard story of the Sistine Chapel:  @lizlevrome 
This pill may be a cure for radiation poisoning:  
Could the sun be good for your heart? 
"Figuring out how to build a more just world is our work to do and our story to tell." 
"Emergency room doctors are trained to make decisions quickly, but not always accurately." 
"We need to start judging people by what they do, not what they look like."  
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
The four fish we're overeating — and what to eat instead:  @4fishgreenberg 
"Where you criminalize people living with HIV or those at greatest risk, you fuel the epidemic." 
"Growing even some of our own food is one of the best things that we can do for the environment." 
Programmers have more power than we know: 
"Great leaders dare to be different. They don't just talk about risk-taking; they actually do it." 
How solitude can help you have better relationships: 
What their resume won't tell you: 
Why you should hire the underdog: 
Why you should catch up on sleep: 
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
Which book would you recommend from your country? 
Growing up with this increases your risk for 7 leading causes of death in the United States: 
Why you shouldn't try to be the perfect lover:  
This father wired his house with video cameras to watch his infant son learn language. The results are fascinating: 
Would you be brave enough to leap from the stratosphere? This man was: 
This nerdy approach to fighting crime is much more effective: 
Incredible new science lets monkeys send thoughts straight into each other's brains: 
How I turned a deadly plant into a thriving business:  
Refugees spend an average of 17 years in exile. Stories of lives in limbo:  
"What we need now is a radically new conception of agriculture, one in which the food actually tastes good." 
Why tap dance is still a wonderful art form: 
Extraordinary photos capture the magic of the Everglades:  @MacStonePhoto 
How a fierce and loving principal turned her high school around: 
"There are many ways that we betray our partner: with contempt, with neglect, with indifference, with violence." 
Deep under the Earth's surface, discovering beauty and science:  @Cescosauro 
5 moral values that shape our political views: 
"The pyramid of life in the ocean and our own lives on land are intricately connected."  
George Takei shares his experience in a Japanese internment camp -- and explains why he still loves his country: 
Robots that slither, climb, and crawl...and train for the World Cup:  
The exhilarating peace of freediving:  @guillaumenery 
What it feels like to push your mind and body to the limit — deep underwater:  @guillaumenery
"Good fiction is written by people who've read a lot of fiction." - William Gibson 
An invitation to men who want a better world for women:  @e_nyamayaro #HeForShe
"Catching cancer early is the closest thing we have to a silver bullet cure against it."  
Meet the "Supergays," LGBT people who are thriving around the world: 
"If, like me, you're wearing a gold ring, it was forged in a supernova explosion." 
How the world looks to a man with autistic savant syndrome: 
Thrilling photos taken by a storm chaser:  
How to be an opportunity maker: 
Many of the common medicines we take — like everyday aspirin — were only ever tested on men: 
Can a computer write poetry?  @scarschwartz 
About 10,000 people a month Google the phrase, “Am I ugly?” 
Why you should care about whale poo:  @ashadevos
Our food is in trouble. These plants can help: 
What every woman needs to know about the medicine she takes: 
This guy makes musical instruments irrelevant: 
How the male body became our framework for medical research: 
What kids can teach us about creativity: 
Why jealousy is so powerful: 
An electrifying beatbox performance: 
The secret sneaker market — and why it matters:  @Campless 
Why are these 32 symbols found in ancient caves all over Europe?  
196 great books from every country in the world: 
The surprising impacts of low body confidence: 
How we can make crops survive without water:  
How hidden cameras are changing the game in the fight for human rights:  
Does paper beat plastic? How to rethink environmental folklore:  @LeylaAcaroglu
Skyscrapers are boring. One architect against the tyranny of the tower:  
The historical causes of the current refugee crisis: 
Why there is no such thing as an unbiased search result:  @andreasekstrom
"The political and the sexual are intimate bedfellows, and that is true for us all." 
Would you negotiate with someone you knew to be evil, to save lives? 
A jaw-dropping look at the world’s first underwater sculpture park:  @JasondeCairesT
The economic case for paid family leave:  @jessicashortall
Why we must try to solve the refugee crisis: 
What insects can teach us about sex roles: 
What you learn when you stare into the eyes of a stranger: 
How electroshock therapy changed one man's life: 
This is what it feels like to live with schizophrenia: 
The largest river on Earth is invisible -- and airborne:  
Unforgettable animations of how a sneeze travels inside a plane cabin:  @RM_Wang
These mini-brains give us an unprecedented look at the inner workings of our minds: 
Antibiotics might stop working soon. Here's what that will mean: 
Why we need to start planning for the next global disease outbreak now: 
An architect's quest to build funky skyscrapers:  
These surreal portraits reimagine Russian fairy tales: 
Fairy tales as you've never seen them before:  
How movies have the power to shape our memories and worldviews: 
Why every city needs healthy honey bees: 
This is the worst place to park in New York City:  
The Russian version of Snow White was very, very different:  
A beautiful look at an endangered wilderness: 
12 TED Talks full of fascinating history:  
What should the future of capitalism look like?  
Why you shouldn't wait to be a hero: 
The story of life in photographs:  
9 #TEDTalks for your inner child:  
An unlikely hero for women in business shares how she rose to the top: 
Want to change the world? Get angry: 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
Why statistics are so persuasive... and misleading:  via @TED_ED
The impact of algorithms on everything from architecture to online dating: 
"Where you come from now is much less important than where you're going." 
4 TED speakers explore the nature of courage:  via @TEDRadioHour
How bacteria can help transform the harsh Sahara desert: 
Why so many efforts to eradicate global poverty fail: 
The beautiful math behind the world's ugliest music: 
6 TED Talks on how algorithms run our lives: 
4 TED Talks for cat lovers:  
In a time when irrationality seems to rule both politics and culture, has reasoned thinking finally lost its power? 
Religion can be good — but it must be equal: 
Why insects have more interesting sex than we do: 
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
A delightful conversation about the joy of long-term friendship: 
How our bodies "leak" our true emotions when we're dishonest: 
Go behind the scenes of a dangerous job where your only task is to find the exit: 
This talk is a must-watch for every working parent: 
The more our mind wanders, the less happy we can be: 
How to gain creative confidence:  
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
What does it mean to be courageous?  via @TEDRadioHour
Stunning, eerie sculptures at the bottom of the sea:  
A spectacular guitar performance by @RollingStone's first female guitar god:  
This is the pervasive, hidden problem keeping poverty alive: 
The mysterious world of underwater caves:   @jillheinerth 
My road trip through the whitest towns in America:  @RichBenjaminUSA 
Two nameless bodies washed up on the beach. Here are their stories:  @afjellberg
The microbes on your skin are almost as unique as your fingerprints. Here's what they say about you: 
"Climate change is the greatest threat to human rights in the 21st century."  @MRFCJ
"There has to be political noise and political costs in response to massive crimes against humanity." 
Why former President Jimmy Carter believes the mistreatment of women is the number one human rights abuse: 
Why climate change is a threat to human rights:  @MRFCJ 
"Was I who I had been before the crash, before this road divided my life like the spine of an open book?" 
How we'll survive if wheat, corn and rice crops are destroyed by climate change: 
"True empowerment comes from giving yourself the permission to think and act." 
These mushrooms offer a unique way to help struggling farmers... and fight climate change:  
"I remain a very strong believer that women's rights and religion are not mutually exclusive." 
"You need coalitions of the willing and of the unwilling to make change." 
Why anti-Muslim hate speech is the best propaganda for terrorists: 
A cop on what police reform should look like: 
"Art is our weapon. Culture is a form of resistance." 
Parasites are so much cooler than you think: 
INFOGRAPHIC: The shocking reality of violence against women 
5 shocking statistics about violence against women in the developing world: 
"This was a person that nobody seemed to be missing. It was an invisible life heading for a nameless grave." 
How do you solve a problem like the climate crisis?  
"We are living at a moment in which the very fabric of human society is being rewoven." 
How to talk about climate change with skeptics: 
Why great architecture should tell a story:  @BuroOleScheeren 
“The pessimists and doomsayers who say that the world can’t get better are simply wrong.” — @shepleygreen 
5 ways to be a better human at the zoo:  
The link between unemployment and terrorism: 
14 TED Talks on the reality of war:  
Human trafficking is all around you. This is how it works: 
What LGBT life is like around the world:  
Does technology make us feel connected, but alone? 
#TED2016 is coming soon to a movie theater near you. Buy your tickets now: 
How I'm working for change inside my church:  @_chelseashields 
What the Dalai Lama can teach us about solving the world's problems: 
4 reasons to get excited about math: 
Climate change is happening. Here's how we adapt: 
"If you have a cell phone, you have access to power that a superpower would have highly classified 10 years ago." 
"We need to think about how to design social media experiences that promote civility and reward thoughtfulness." 
Why we desperately need to redesign the refrigerator: 
The inside story of an elite school in North Korea: 
The beautiful math behind the world's ugliest music: 
"We spend lots of time learning about calculation, but let's not forget about application." 
Let's design social media that drives real change:  @Ghonim 
"You need to find the right question. There is nothing worse than answering the wrong question well." 
"With the right design, sustainability is nothing but the rigorous use of common sense." — Alejandro Aravena 
This brilliant architect can fix any problem using one simple way of thinking:  
Pope Francis is taking climate change seriously. How he's integrating science and religion:  
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
This new video technology reveals an object's hidden properties, with mindblowing implications: 
"When you get rejected, the first thing you should do is to revive your self-esteem, not beat it to a pulp." 
The math of history shows deep underlying patterns: 
This is how ISIS makes money: 
Which country does the most good for the planet? You might be surprised:  
10 math talks to blow your mind:  
How the new super-rich are taking over the world: 
"This is a story about two questions we all share: what is a better life and what am I willing to do to achieve it?" 
The fantastic lineup of speakers for #TED2016 is now online! Take a look here:  
This man revolutionized finance... with complex math: 
What are schools like in North Korea? Hear one teacher's story: 
"Correctly using computers is the silver bullet for making math education work." 
3 ways to hack your love life...with math! 
I love being a police officer, but we need reform:  
Why rejection hurts so much — and what to do about it:  
10 #TEDTalks to help you shake off rejection:  
3 ways to recover from rejection: 
How to recover when you feel rejected or lonely: 
Forget political correctness. Let's try this instead:  @sallykohn
"You could have an insect-of-the-month calendar and not need to reuse a species for over 80,000 years." 
A thrilling look at the first 21 days of a bee’s life: 
The first female President of Ireland shares why climate change is too important for politics: 
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf
Can you guess someone's political party based on their name? Try these fun psych quizzes: 
Ever started to like a song after hearing it millions of times? Why we love repetition in music:  via @TED_ED
We can learn a lot from semi-intelligent slime: 
"The gay rights movement asks us to support justice and equality from a space of love." 
These horrifying stories from new mothers will change how you think about family leave: 
"88% of working mothers in the United States will not get one minute of paid leave after they have a baby." 
"23% of new working mothers in America will be back on the job within two weeks of giving birth." 
George Takei shares his experience in a Japanese internment camp -- and explains why he still loves his country: 
Why driverless cars are better at responding to unpredictable events on the road than we are: 
7 reasons why people just don't care about politics: 
Penguins love robots, and other tales of underwater exploration: 
How messy problems can inspire creativity:  @TimHarford 
"We all wind up traveling through life, trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything." 
These photos offer a glimpse of life on the road: 
These psychedelic sculptures will transport you to new worlds:  
Why peeing on a jellyfish sting is actually a bad idea, via @TED_ED: 
"Insects make us question what's normal and what's natural." 
"We're all going to die -- and poems can help us live with that." A love letter to poetry: 
This is how a driverless car sees the road: 
A jaw-dropping look at the world’s first underwater sculpture park:  @JasondeCairesT
"We need to build a future underwater city. Or better yet, a network of them around the world." 
Snowflakes the size of soccer fields:  
Want to make your political representative listen to you? Get writing. 
Why you should be more skeptical of headlines about the brain: 

"Current politics serves us a mountain of bureaucratic jargon." How we can fix that: 
Gorgeous photos of underwater sculptures, teeming with life:  
Weird things we know about the 6,000 miles of road in New York City: 
"The United States has a dark history of disproportionately punishing people because of their political views." 
This is what Amy Cuddy looks for during political debates: 
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
A charming story of an Arctic seal that fell in love with a photographer:  
Scientists can be wrong, but we should trust them anyway. Here's why: 
7 #TEDTalks about how to grow your own stuff:  
What life is like for an Ebola survivor:  
"The Ebola virus preyed on universal human feelings like denial, fear — and even love." 
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
8 #TEDTalks for people who love food: 
Future tech might take pictures of what you're thinking:  @mljmljmlj
Ever heard someone defend traditional sex roles as "natural"? Here's what you can say to that: 
Huge, intricate patterns carved into the snow:  
What is so special about the human brain? 
"I love my students, and I believe in their possibilities unconditionally." 
How to know if your dog really loves you: 
Would you put your DNA into a vending machine?  
How traveling can break down walls and help us connect with each other: 
How emotional contagion travels through groups -- and affects you too: 
This is the future of travel: 
Hexagons! And other reasons to love math:  
This is what enduring love looks like:  
Government must give up control to keep us safe online: 
"We should call ourselves coctivors, from coquere, to cook. We are the animals who eat cooked food." 
Why losing someone you love only makes you want them more: 
In a time when irrationality seems to rule both politics and culture, has reasoned thinking finally lost its power? 
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
These needy sculptures will make you laugh: 
"The erotic mind is not politically correct." 
If you've ever loved an addict, this talk is for you: 
"Politeness is a much-overlooked virtue. It's seen as hypocrisy." — @alaindebotton 
"People who reported that they were easily disgusted also reported that they were more politically conservative." 
This mind-bending new science might explain life's biggest questions: 
This talk is a lovely reminder to be kind to yourself: 
5 #TEDTalks full of weird facts about sex:  
This 75-year-old study shows what leads to a happy life: 
"Monsters exist in all of us; the broken parts of ourselves, sadness, secret shame." 
What happens when companies make helping people a priority: 
How we're growing baby corals to rebuild reefs:  @CoralSci 
How we'll survive if wheat, corn and rice crops are destroyed by climate change: 
Before we go to Mars, let's save Earth:   @shaka_lulu
Could Mars hold the secret to the origin of life? 
14 #TEDTalks on the dark side of data: 
The historical causes of the current refugee crisis: 
Astonishing photos of caves made from ice and snow:  
This is what happens when you reply to spam email:  @veitchtweets 
"Our moral integrity is our responsibility, and we must be prepared to defend it, even if it's not convenient." 
Pluto is the farthest planet we've ever reached. But why stop there? 
An invitation to men who want a better world for women:  @e_nyamayaro #HeForShe
Social media can start a revolution -- but real change is harder: 
Prosthetic limbs are uncomfortable. Here's how we can fix them: 
4 lessons I learned from taking a stand against gun violence:  
"The heat is on!" Inside one of the most exciting, modern adventure stories:  
"It is time to celebrate all the unsung heroines who find the heart and the grit to test every limit." 
These playful robots were inspired by honeybees: 
Can other planets support life? How we find out:  @aomawa
Modern politics turn you off? 8 #TEDTalks to restore your faith in politics: 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
There's a lot to love about monster prime numbers: 
Why we should take our emotional health as seriously as we take our physical health: 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
4 ways we can avoid a catastrophic drought:  @water4point0 
The time has come for America to offer paid family leave to all working parents: 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
Would you be brave enough to leap from the stratosphere? This man was: 
"Not investing in refugees is a huge missed opportunity. The victims of war can hold the keys to lasting peace." 
"Once I had an affair with calculus that lasted longer than some celebrity marriages." 
How to spot a counterfeit bill:  (via @TED_ED)
Why we should ban killer robots:  
"Stereotypes are holding women back from leadership roles all over the world." A Q&amp;A with Sheryl Sandberg: 
"Overwork doesn’t just exhaust employees, it can sap a company’s profits and saddle taxpayers with hidden costs." 
Why it's a mistake to keep important information classified: 
"Do not think for one minute that because you are who you are, you cannot be who you imagine yourself to be." 
"Mastery is not a commitment to a goal, but to a constant pursuit." 
The true cost of overworked employees:  
This pill may be a cure for radiation poisoning:  
The inspiring story of the first black woman to earn a PhD in astrophysics from Yale: 
"All societies will be multiethnic, multicultural, multi-religious in the future." 
That sneezy person on the plane doesn't have to infect everyone: 
How we'll find life on other planets:  @aomawa 
A wearable digestive system, and other mind-blowing new designs: 
Why anti-Muslim hate speech is the best propaganda for terrorists: 
A short, powerful talk about falling in love with science: 
The science of setting goals: 
A great way to think about setting and achieving goals: 
Simple ways to help yourself commit to a goal and stick with it: 
“Even people raised on hate can make a choice about who they want to be.”  @ZakEbrahim
Surprising advice for anyone who wants to change the world for the better: 
How to make New Year’s resolutions that actually work out this time: 
4 simple tips to help you achieve big goals:  
Want to reach your goals this year? Stop believing these 5 myths about success: 
"Which right is more important, the right to life or the right to have a gun that takes life away?" 
How to use data to make a hit TV show:  @_wernicke 
12 TED Talks to inspire your New Year's resolutions: 
Why it's so hard to stick to a New Year's resolution: 
A planetary explorer takes us inside the search for microbes on Mars: 
"Our default wiring is to help. But then the question is, why don't we?" 
"For developing countries, software companies and space ships may not be as important as taps and toilets." 
Meet the most successful tech entrepreneur you never heard of: 
"Our memory tells us stories. What we get to keep from our experiences is a story." 
"Talking about virtual reality is like dancing about architecture." 
"When I started talking about my abortion 15 years ago, I was told that my voice didn’t matter." 
Data proves why you should never try to park in New York City: 
"Sharks are basically the same fish they were 300 million years ago." 
Why reason is the key driver of human moral progress: 
"Virtual reality has the potential to actually change the world." 
"Nowhere is magical unless you can bring the right eyes to it." 
"As long as there have been public executions, there have been the crowds to see them."  @francesrlarson
A refugee shares his harrowing near-death experience: 
“Think of the US's drug war not as a rational policy, but as the international projection of a domestic psychosis.” 
The exhilarating peace of freediving:  @guillaumenery 
Unforgettable talks about important issues that impact us all: 
"Solitude is where you find yourself so you can reach out to other people and form real attachments." 
These mini-brains can teach us a lot about how our minds work: 
Have we reached the end of physics?  @harryvcliff 
"The great problem for reform or transformation is the tyranny of common sense." 
This paleontologist wants to bring entire species back from the dead: 
The promising and perilous science of gene editing: 
Can we heal a criminal mind? How psychopaths might be able to develop a moral compass: 
A funny, strange look at how we bury our dead: 
An architect asks: How should we bury our dead?  @alisonkilling
Meet the Hubble Space Telescope's photo editor:  
A refugee shares why he risked his life to seek asylum: 
This beautiful talk will show you what it feels like to dive hundreds of feet underwater -- without equipment: 
The treadmill really is a torture device:  via @TED_ED
The search for Leonardo da Vinci's lost masterpiece: 
These 12 iconic speakers have redefined their fields: 
This beautiful talk on growing up black in America is one of our top picks of 2015:  
Why tap dance is still a wonderful art form: 
"America is simultaneously the most and the least successful country in the industrialized world." 
How iconic movies bring us into a shared world: 
"Stories can punch holes in our mental walls. And through those holes, we can get a glimpse of the other." 
"Pain is the most complex human experience." 
A fun introduction to your working memory (with a quick way to test it): 
"Why can't we use our anger to challenge and change the evils of the world?" - Nobel Peace Prize winner @k_satyarthi 
"We need to build a future underwater city. Or better yet, a network of them around the world." 
"We treat prisoners as ghosts; they're unseen and unheard." — @will_potter  @will_potter
The reality of new working motherhood in America is both hidden and horrible: 
"Words are like LEGO. If you use enough force, you can put any two of them together." 
"Mystery demands to be decoded, and when it's done right, we really, really want to." 
"Sanitation work is one of the 10 most dangerous occupations in the US." 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
Gorgeous photos of underwater sculptures, teeming with life:  
How we'll resurrect the Tasmanian tiger: 
An artist's odd quest to draw attention to the California Drought:  
"These women lived in the 'and.' They proved you could be fierce and you could be feminine." 
Refugees have the right to be protected: 
"If I get vaccinated, not only am I protecting myself, I am also protecting others." 
The strange new challenge of burying our dead:  @alisonkilling
The historical causes of the current refugee crisis: 
A jaw-dropping look at the world’s first underwater sculpture park:  @JasondeCairesT
Does the media have a responsibility to give you what you need or what you want? 
"A lot of people can boldly ask for a raise, but can’t ask for a hug. And a lot have the opposite problem." 
"If you are going to be an ally, I need you to see me." - @ashbeckham 
Why we need to start planning for the next global disease outbreak now: 
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
Why we're not ready for the next global disease outbreak: 
5 #TEDTalks on the truth about lying: 
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
Antibiotics might stop working soon. Here's what that will mean: 
Try something new for 30 days: 
"Refugees have the right to be protected. There is such a thing as international law." 
11 #TEDTalks about teeny, tiny things: 
Let's be honest, Mars would be a terrible place to live:  @shaka_lulu
"We have to make sure that every school that serves children in poverty is a real school." 
How we're protecting the future of food, one seed at a time:  
Unforgettable animations of how a sneeze travels inside a plane cabin:  @RM_Wang
Virtual reality could have the power to change how we understand each other: 
"We are living at a moment in which the very fabric of human society is being rewoven." 
This technology could lead to designer babies if we don't take a step back now: 
This is the pervasive, hidden problem keeping poverty alive: 
There are nearly 36 million people enslaved in the world today. These are their stories: 
These eerie sculptures come alive at the bottom of the ocean:  @JasondeCairesT 
How death shapes our cities:  @alisonkilling
A bold plan to transform the Sahara desert by turning sand dunes into architecture:  
How poetry can free a prisoner's mind:  
Paid family leave isn't just good for families. It's good for the economy too: 
The largest river on Earth is invisible -- and airborne:  
We need to stop thinking of Mars as a place to move after we've messed up Earth: 
The coming crisis in antibiotics: 
Music is all around us. Here’s how to listen for it: 
This is the worst place to park in New York City:  
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
An Iraq war movie crowd-sourced from soldiers: 
These #TEDTalks will help you become a confident, compelling public speaker: 
7 #TEDTalks to make your commute go faster: 
The secret US prisons you’ve never heard of before:  @will_potter
6 #TEDTalks on how to tell a story: 
"Each one of us is more than what we have lived through. Especially trafficking survivors." 
How our bodies "leak" our true emotions when we're dishonest: 
10 #TEDTalks by women that everyone should watch: 
What do we do when antibiotics don’t work any more? 
There is hope in the fight against Alzheimer’s: 
Why we must try to solve the refugee crisis: 
"Being absolutely true to yourself is freedom." 
This surprising talk on how young blood may help reverse aging is a top pick of 2015:  
What you learn when you stare into the eyes of a stranger: 
A delightful way to design electronics, including a paper piano you can sketch and then play: 
"Everywhere I go, I see people who are broke but not broken." 
"Every human being needs to listen consciously in order to live fully." 
Stunning, eerie sculptures at the bottom of the sea:  
Why so many efforts to eradicate global poverty fail: 
How movies have the power to shape our memories and worldviews: 
12 TED Talks full of fascinating history:  
"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
How electroshock therapy changed one man's life: 
The search for other Earth-like planets, and more of our top talks from 2015:  
“Heart is what drives us and determines our fate.” 
"I can't promise my child a life without bias, but I promise to bias my child with multiple perspectives." 
What should the future of capitalism look like?  
How to gain creative confidence:  
What makes a good life? Lessons from the longest study on happiness: 
Hexagons! And other reasons to love math:  
"I would encourage all of us to remember that dying people are living and to treat them accordingly." 
"Machine intelligence is the last invention that humanity will ever need to make." 
7 #TEDTalks on the complexity of memory: 
"Don't stand by the sidelines when you see someone getting hurt. If someone is being abused online, do something." 
"Knowledge is almost always better than ignorance — and usually less frightening."  @JamieJBartlett
3 important lessons on how to build a long, happy life: 
Inside a massive global seed bank, buried within a frozen mountain in Norway:  
A spectacular guitar performance by @RollingStone's first female guitar god:  
How electroshock therapy developed as a cure for severe, life-threatening depression: 
"Prison now stands firmly between the young people trying to make it and the fulfillment of the American dream." 
"In an age of constant movement, nothing is so urgent as sitting still." 
What makes a company successful? These talks explain:  
9 #TEDTalks for your inner child:  
"Figuring out how to build a more just world is our work to do and our story to tell." 
How we'll survive if wheat, corn and rice crops are destroyed by climate change: 
“To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.” 
"What's it like to be a baby? It's like being in love in Paris for the first time after three double-espressos." 
"There are many ways that we betray our partner: with contempt, with neglect, with indifference, with violence." 
Watch TED's top talks of 2015:  
This is how our bodies betray us in a lie:  
"Shakespeare's most poetic lines don't just talk about matters of the heart; they follow its rhythm." 
"Gradually, my awareness started to return. But no one realized that I had come back to life." 
The first 6 #TEDTalks ever posted online: 
"The best time to work on your marriage is before you have one." 
"Disability in our age should not prevent anyone from living meaningful lives." 
How bacteria can help transform the harsh Sahara desert: 
Want to change the world? Get angry: 
4 reasons to get excited about math: 
8 #TEDTalks about the world's greatest injustices: 
Watch @RollingStone's first female guitar god play her breakout single: 
"Which right is more important, the right to life or the right to have a gun that takes life away?" 
An unlikely hero for women in business shares how she rose to the top: 
This talk is a must-watch for every working parent: 
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
A delightful conversation about the joy of long-term friendship: 
This insightful talk on infidelity is one of our favorites of 2015:  
"Nobody sensible simply wants more trust. Sensible people want to place their trust where it is deserved." 
3 important lessons on how to build a happy life: 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
"We can live well not in spite of death, but because of it. Let death be what takes us, not lack of imagination." 
We can now edit our DNA. But let's do it wisely: 
"Where you come from now is much less important than where you're going." 
The sculpture gallery at the bottom of the sea:  
"At work, we're often so busy 'communicating' that we don't have time to think." 
"The crisis of desire is often a crisis of the imagination." 
"We are designing technology that will give us the illusion of companionship without the demands of friendship." 
"We're never more beautiful than when we're most ugly. That's when we really know what we're made of." 
"I have chosen to stay passionate, engaged with an open heart; I'm working on it every day." 
My life in Syria:  
Would you negotiate with someone you knew to be evil, to save lives? 
This smart talk on successful teams is one of our top picks of 2015:  
The beautiful math behind the world's ugliest music: 
Here's what the world talked about in 2015:  
This thoughtful talk on end-of-life care is one of our top picks of 2015:  
"Next time you're about to throw out an appliance, don't. Take it apart with your kid." 
The story of life in photographs:  
"We do ourselves a disservice if we give up on people. Nobody is beyond some kind of restorative process." 
"The human spirit can overcome anything if it has hope." 
"We make very poor use of our talents. Many people go through their lives with no real sense of their talents." 
A hilarious celebration of lifelong female friendship:  
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
3 TED Talks on the math, science and evolution of sports: 
In a time when irrationality seems to rule both politics and culture, has reasoned thinking finally lost its power? 
Why every city needs healthy honey bees: 
How to prepare for a good death: 
6 words to watch during a debt crisis:  
The more our mind wanders, the less happy we can be: 
These are the 20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time: 
"My personality was entombed within a seemingly silent body, a vibrant mind hidden in plain sight." 
These talks will help you be a better friend to yourself: 
"Truth reveals itself more clearly through our actions than it does through our words." 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
7 TED Talks to help you find your purpose: 
How your mightiest organ works: 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
Have you ever walked into a room and forgotten why you're there? Here's why: 
A brief history of secret prisons in the United States:  @will_potter 
How your mightiest organ works: 
"Almost everyone wants more from work than just a paycheck." 
"By taking these daily measurements about yourself, you become the expert on your body." 
There's a lot to love about monster prime numbers: 
"Love is a process. Thinking of it as binary causes us to be unduly concerned that it's fraudulent or inadequate." 
"Why is it that raising our children is associated with so much anguish and confusion?" 
"There's a very thin dividing line between success and failure." - @richardbranson 
How can we make work more meaningful?  via @TEDRadioHour
"The stark reality hit me that I was going to spend the rest of my life locked inside myself, totally alone." 
Why we should take our emotional health as seriously as we take our physical health: 
We are unprepared for the digital age of conflict: 
A celebration of reason in the age of irrational thinking: 
How to manage the emotional roller coaster of creativity: 
"Let's make sure our ideas of success are our own, that we are truly the authors of our own ambitions." 
Why is 'x' the symbol for an unknown? The surprising answer: 
The math of history shows deep underlying patterns: 
What atheists can learn from religion:  @alaindebotton
Surprising advice for anyone who wants to make the world a better place: 
"We stand today on the threshold of the post-antibiotic era, when simple infections will kill people once again." 
9 TED Talks to make you feel like a kid again: 
"When you’re attempting something outside the norm, you need unshakable faith in your ability to make it happen." 
A great way to think about setting and achieving goals: 
3 ways to recover from rejection: 
7 #TEDTalks to help you slow down and enjoy life: 
This insightful talk on addiction is one of our top picks of 2015:  
Want to be happier? Stay in the moment: 
Explore your family history with these thoughtful conversation starters:  
The price of being single: 
The secret Internet you never see…and why you'll be on it soon: 
"The only way to really achieve all of your dreams is to fully enjoy every step of your journey." 
"There's a hidden epidemic in medicine: Doctors are scared of patients finding out who we are." 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
"Hope is a beautiful thing in medicine — its most tender center — but it is also the most dangerous." 
Government must give up control to keep us safe online: 
Why are these 32 symbols found in ancient caves all over Europe?  
"Monsters exist in all of us; the broken parts of ourselves, sadness, secret shame." 
This mind-bending new science might explain life's biggest questions: 
"If you tell people you're depressed, everyone runs the other way." Let's end the stigma. 
This 75-year-old study shows what leads to a happy life: 
"If you drive a car in the United States, the government has photographs of you going about your daily life." 
What makes a good life? Lessons from the longest study on happiness:  
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed:  via @TED_ED
"For most of the past 114 years, everyone, including scientists, mistakenly confused Alzheimer's with aging." 
"Politeness is a much-overlooked virtue. It's seen as hypocrisy." — @alaindebotton 
How childhood trauma affects your health later on: 
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
"Those who are happiest follow their desires, whether that means getting married or staying single." 
Watch TED's top talks of 2015:  
"70% of fathers and 65% of mothers exhibit a preference for at least one child." The impact of sibling favoritism: 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
5 questions to help you get to know your family better: 
"Perfection is the death of all good things." — @GilbertLiz 
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
A hilarious talk about falling in love with monster prime numbers: 
An underwater art museum, teeming with life:  @JasondeCairesT 
Governments don't understand cyber warfare. We need hackers:  @rodrigobijou 
Childhood trauma has a bigger effect on your health than most doctors think: 
8 TED Talks to help you rise above life's daily dramas: 
7 TED Talks to watch when the weather outside is frightful:  #FirstDayofWinter
11 must-see #TEDTalks:  
Feeling down? Cheer up with these charming talks: 
The 15 largest ships pollute as much as all the cars in the world: 
"The United States has a dark history of disproportionately punishing people because of their political views." 
The incredible ways your body changes when you dive deep underwater: 
Want to help defeat terrorism? Welcome refugees: 
What environmental devastation actually looks like: 
Anders' humanizing talk on the refugee crisis is one of our top picks of 2015:  
Learn about the future of man and machine in TED's top talks of 2015:  
Shocking photos show the true cost of oil:  
What happens to your body when you dive deep underwater: 
What should the future of capitalism look like?  
Watch TED's top talks of 2015:  @yassmin_a 
.@MonicaLewinsky's beautiful talk on the price of shame is one of our top picks of 2015:  
How to gain creative confidence:  
Tips to help you feel more confident that you can be creative: 
12 TED Talks full of fascinating history:  
The inspiring story of the first black woman to earn a PhD in astrophysics from Yale: 
"The more you look for planets like Earth, the more you appreciate our own planet." 
A hedge fund manager makes a passionate case for a more just capitalism: 
Hexagons! And other reasons to love math:  
Why we need to rethink capitalism, according to a hedge fund manager: 
When you sneeze on a plane, the airflow helps to spread the germs. How we can change that: 
"All societies will be multiethnic, multicultural, multi-religious in the future." 
It's that time of year. Here are 5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
Powerful photos that bear witness to modern slavery: 
This 17-year-old created a new plane airflow system to stop the spread of germs: 
"If you want to go out and start your own cemetery, you kind of can." 
This talk is a must-watch for every working parent: 
This look back at 2015 will give you hope for the future:  
Soon you’ll be able to 3D-print your clothes at home:  @danitpeleg3d
Want to change the world? Get angry: 
How caves give astronauts a preview of life in space:  
Soon you'll download new clothes and print them at home: 
How we'll resurrect the Tasmanian tiger: 
"Which right is more important, the right to life or the right to have a gun that takes life away?" 
A new age of symbiosis between technology and biology: 
Watch these talks before your family asks what you're doing with your life: 
My country will be underwater soon — unless we work together:  
A wearable digestive system, and other mind-blowing new designs: 
That sneezy person on the plane doesn't have to infect everyone: 
Inside the chronically neglected global epidemic of violence against the poor: 
Why jealousy is so powerful: 
This guy makes musical instruments irrelevant: 
An electrifying beatbox performance: 
Think your email's private? Think again: 
Why we should take our emotional health as seriously as we take our physical health: 
"Breathe slowly, don't try to blink, don't be self-conscious. Be relaxed." 
What kids can teach us about creativity: 
5 ways you're sabotaging your own success: 
A delightful conversation about the joy of long-term friendship: 
How to build a school that lets kids be kids: 
A better way to recover from failure: 
5 questions to help you get to know your family better: 
"If you want to go out and start your own cemetery, you kind of can." 
Ever feel like your career has been a winding, messy path? This talk is for you: 
Which book would you recommend from your country? 
196 great books from every country in the world: 
An unlikely hero for women in business shares how she rose to the top: 
"These storms swirl and spin and undulate, with their lava lamp-like mammatus clouds. They become lovely monsters." 
"If you want to succeed in changing the world, you need to know who you're up against." 
This is why loneliness hurts so much: 
A necessary reminder to take care of our minds as well as we take care of our bodies: 
Why anti-Muslim hate speech is the best propaganda for terrorists: 
Choose the new hire who has overcome adversity, not the one with the perfect resume: 
Want to reach your goals in the new year? Stop believing these 5 myths about success: 
This talk is a lovely reminder to be kind to yourself: 
5 easy-to-believe myths that keep us from reaching our goals: 
Looking for a great hire? Don't go for the perfect resume: 
Surprising advice for anyone who wants to change the world for the better: 
"The only way to achieve all of your dreams is to fully enjoy every step of your journey." 
A short, powerful talk about falling in love with science: 
How sneezes travel on planes -- and a clever way to stop them:  @RM_Wang
Want to be happy? Be grateful: 
Beat the holiday blues with these beautiful talks on the struggle of mental health: 
A brief history of secret prisons in the United States:  @will_potter 
10 TED Talks to inspire lively conversation: 
The secret sneaker market — and why it matters:  @Campless 
Why are these 32 symbols found in ancient caves all over Europe?  
10 TED Talks to binge watch over the holiday: 
How far will your holiday gifts travel to reach you? Inside the secret shipping industry: 
Explore your family history with these thoughtful conversation starters:  
"Being open to uncertain outcomes and taking risks creates opportunities for unexpected discoveries." 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list: 
Your natural sleep cycle keeps really weird hours: 
"Go after what it is that creates meaning in your life and trust yourself to handle the stress that follows." 
What makes a good end of life? A thoughtful answer: 
Why alone time is an important part of a healthy relationship: 
Your emails are like postcards that everyone can read. Here's a better option: 
58 books to read in 2016, recommended by TED speakers:  
Your holiday reading list is here! 58 books recommended by TED speakers:  
These maps show one book worth reading from every country in the world:  
9 TED Talks to make you feel like a kid again: 
A hilarious celebration of lifelong female friendship:  
"Climate change is the greatest threat to human rights in the 21st century."  @MRFCJ
"Solitude is where you find yourself so that you can reach out to other people and form real attachments." 
Before we go to Mars, let's save Earth:   @shaka_lulu
"The wonderfully seductive idea of the unbiased, clean search result is a myth." — @andreasekstrom 
How new technology helps blind people explore the world: 
What if you could experience the news with your body, not just your mind? 
Parasites are so much cooler than you think: 
Fascinating tales from the Internet's early days: 
These mushrooms offer a unique way to help struggling farmers... and fight climate change:  
Why we should ban killer robots:  
Let's be honest, Mars would be a terrible place to live:  @shaka_lulu
What you learn when you stare into the eyes of a stranger: 
How to talk about climate change with skeptics: 
We added math to basketball and made it super nerdy. You're welcome! 
Soon you’ll be able to 3D-print your clothes at home:  @danitpeleg3d
9 #TEDTalks for your inner child:  
This look back at 2015 will give you hope for the future: 
4 reasons to get excited about math: 
Climate change is happening. Here's how we adapt: 
"In 1982, there were only two other Dannys on the Internet then. I knew them both." 
Hexagons! And other reasons to love math:  
How germs travel on planes — and how we can stop them:  @RM_Wang
11 must-see #TEDTalks:  
Here's what the world talked about in 2015:  
Let's not use Mars as a backup planet:  @shaka_lulu 
The Internet could crash. We need a backup plan: 
How to find work you love:  
5 #TEDTalks to help you manage stress:  
7 books that shaped @GilbertLiz as a writer:  
Pope Francis is taking climate change seriously. How he's integrating science and religion:  
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
Programmers have more power than we know: 
7 fascinating studies show what motivates us at work (other than money):  
Which book would you recommend from your country? 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
196 great books from every country in the world: 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
These maps show one book worth reading from every country in the world:  
6 must-read books about psychology, recommended by TED speakers: 
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
The four fish we're overeating — and what to eat instead:  @4fishgreenberg 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
How a blind man uses echolocation to see the world with his ears: 
“There’s a very personal price to public humiliation, and the growth of the Internet has jacked up that price.” 
More women have died of heart disease than men in the past decades. Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
"We want to destroy people but not feel bad about it." Why we all get sucked into social media shaming:  @jonronson
Tiny satellites show us the Earth as it changes in near-real-time:  @planetlabs 
Ever started to like a song after hearing it millions of times? Why we love repetition in music:  via @TED_ED
"We have to change the way we view and prevent infectious diseases." — @GaviSeth 
How we can use special stem cells to help damaged brains heal faster: 
"With increased wealth and profits has to come greater corporate social responsibility." - Paul Tudor Jones II 
Forget political correctness. Let's try this instead:  @sallykohn
These photos offer a glimpse of life on the road: 
8 #TEDTalks to help you understand race in America: 
"If I controlled the Internet, you could auction your broken heart on eBay." 
Why it's a mistake to keep important information classified: 
"This was a person that nobody seemed to be missing. It was an invisible life heading for a nameless grave." 
Privacy matters for everyone -- not just people with something to hide. Here's why: 
The science that helps vegetative patients communicate with loved ones:  
"Emergency room doctors are trained to make decisions quickly, but not always accurately." 
6 reasons why it's so important to make your neighborhood beautiful:  
The coolest animal you know nothing about... and how we can save it:  @MediciPatricia 
This pill may be a cure for radiation poisoning:  
The ideas of 2015 that will give you hope for the future: 
"Figuring out how to build a more just world is our work to do and our story to tell." 
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
Could the sun be good for your heart? 
"Growing even some of our own food is one of the best things that we can do for the environment." 
Why we desperately need to redesign the refrigerator: 
"Curiosity doesn’t take anything from you. Curiosity just gives." — @GilbertLiz 
Live the life you want to live: 
"At work, we're often so busy 'communicating' that we don't have time to think." 
7 #TEDTalks to help you find the right job:  
3 ways good design makes you happy: 
My life in Syria:  
Watch these adorable robots play follow the leader: 
"The biggest animal that ever lived is still alive. It's not a dinosaur; it's a whale." 
"If the monster wants you, the monster's gonna get you." 3 ways to strengthen yourself against dementia: 
Here's what the world accomplished in 2015: 
What we talked about in 2015: 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
What do you want to be remembered for at the end of your life? 
How to create a stronger password so you don't get hacked: 
Here are the ideas we cared about in 2015: 
Great designers are really good at this seemingly simple skill: 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
Watch TED's recap of 2015: 
Fear is boring, and other tips for living a creative life:  @GilbertLiz 
This is the kind of leadership the world wants: 
This new kind of wireless Internet could get the whole world online: 
How to make a choice when you're faced with two equal options: 
A beatboxing lesson from a father-daughter duo:  @RealNicoleParis 
Why we need to build a world that works for introverts too:  
This teen invented a new way to stop germs on planes:  @RM_Wang
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." 
"Embracing our inner wiring leads to a happier, more authentic life." — @emiliewapnick 
How can we make work more meaningful?  via @TEDRadioHour
The secret Internet you never see…and why you'll be on it soon: 
"If you tell people you're depressed, everyone runs the other way." Let's end the stigma. 
"If the startup organization is so great, why do so many fail?" 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
3 tips for dealing with loneliness: 
How to read a politician's body language:  
"Falling in love is not the same thing as staying in love. Falling in love is the easy part." — @LenMandy 
"Monsters exist in all of us; the broken parts of ourselves, sadness, secret shame." 
"If you drive a car in the United States, the government has photographs of you going about your daily life." 
"What if there are things that even a good relationship can never provide?" 
If you've ever loved an addict, this talk is for you: 
"This is a story about two questions we all share: what is a better life and what am I willing to do to achieve it?" 
This is what happens to someone who gets publicly shamed online: 
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
How germs travel on planes — and how we can stop them:  @RM_Wang 
Can you spot a fake laugh? You might be surprised: 
11 beautiful bits of advice on how to wake up your creative genius: 
4 simple tips to help you achieve big goals:  
"Education transforms people. When you educate people, they are going to be different." 
"There is a rich tradition in Islam of talking frankly about sex." How and why that changed: 
"You've got to identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most." How to achieve lasting success: 
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
How to stay calm when you know you'll be stressed:   @danlevitin 
"The world I believe in is one where we're measured by our ability to overcome adversities, not avoid them." 
"The meme that married people are happier and healthier than single people is unfounded." 
Humans can learn quite a bit from semi-intelligent slime: 
How we're growing baby corals to rebuild reefs:  @CoralSci 
Why gun violence is America's epidemic: 
Why we should treat violence like a contagious disease: 
What tiny robots can teach us about the ocean: 
How sliced bread caught on, and other stories of ideas that get people talking: 
"The most miserable and tragic thing about poverty is not the lack of bread, but the feeling of being no one." 
This is what it's like to teach in North Korea: 
Let puppies teach you complexity theory:  
What the Dalai Lama can teach us about living well:  
What online courses teach us about how we learn: 
Soon you’ll be able to 3D-print your clothes at home:  @danitpeleg3d
Why wine tastes better if you think it's expensive, and more curious facts about pleasure: 
4 reasons to get excited about math: 
Hexagons! And other reasons to love math:  
Why rejection hurts so much — and what to do about it:  
3 ways to recover from rejection: 
Your holiday reading list is here! 58 books recommended by TED speakers:  
Explore our interactive guide to ideas and inventions that mattered in 2015: 
Forget shopping. Soon you'll download your new clothes:  @danitpeleg3d 
How I teach kids to love science:  @cesarharada 
2015: The Year in Ideas  
The promising and perilous science of gene editing:  
"If it would destroy him to be called a girl, what are we then teaching him about girls?" 
Thank you for a thought-provoking day at #TEDGlobal in Geneva! We can't wait to share the talks with you online. 
"In order to be strong, I needed to understand my vulnerability." Sarah Marquis, explorer #TEDGlobal
Sistine Chapel "inspires us to ask life’s biggest questions: who am I, and what role am I meant to play in life?” Elizabeth Lev #TEDGlobal
"One word; Hummus. It's going places." Comedian @veitchtweets on messing w/ ppl who send him scam emails.  #TEDGlobal
"11 months. That's the average age of an apple in a grocery store in the United States." Caleb Harper #TEDGlobal
Can we make food crops drought-tolerant? Resurrection plants that dry up then come back to life may be the key, says Jill Farrant #TEDGlobal
"Without democracy, our societies will be nastier, our futures bleak, and our great new technologies wasted." Yanis Varoufakis #TEDGlobal
"One can be in government today and not in power. Power has migrated from the political to the economic sphere." Yanis Varoufakis #TEDGlobal
"We may be facing questions we cannot answer; the laws of physics forbid it.” Harry Cliff on the next turning point in science #TEDGlobal
"We’ll have new types of stories, no longer controlled by the storyteller but by the user." Emilie Joly on virtual reality #TEDGlobal
Robots that mimic animal skeletons may help us learn more about how the spinal cord works, says Auke Ijspeert. #TEDGlobal
Can we heal a damaged brain? Neuroscientist Jocelyne Bloch suggests the human brain may contain the tools we need to repair it. #TEDGlobal
"We need to think about how to design social media experiences that promote civility and reward thoughtfulness." Wael Ghonim #TEDGlobal
"The same tool that united us to topple dictators eventually tore us apart." Wael Ghonim on social media and the Arab Spring #TEDGlobal
"If you say, we are closing our doors to Muslim refugees, it is the best way to help terrorist organizations." António Guterres #TEDGlobal
"Refugees have the right to be protected." - António Guterres, UN High Commissioner for Refugees #TEDGlobal
"[Refugees] look at their own country and they don’t see much hope. There is no light at the end of the tunnel." António Guterres #TEDGlobal
"In order to create economic growth, we have to be broad-minded. Ideology is the enemy of growth." Dambisa Moyo #TEDGlobal
We're at #TEDGlobal in Geneva, Switzerland! Starting in 3...2...1... 
"Great leaders dare to be different. They don't just talk about risk-taking; they actually do it." 
"We need to start judging people by what they do, not what they look like."  
How solitude can help you have better relationships: 
Programmers have more power than we know: 
Why you shouldn't try to be the perfect lover:  
Which book would you recommend from your country? 
Why you should catch up on sleep: 
"Every child deserves an adult who will never give up on them and insists that they become the best they can be." 
"Do not think for one minute that because you are who you are, you cannot be who you imagine yourself to be." 
Growing up with this increases your risk for 7 leading causes of death in the United States: 
These maps show one book worth reading from every country in the world:  
The untapped genius that could change science for the better:  @JedidahIslerPhD 
What their resume won't tell you: 
Why you should hire the underdog: 
What ants can teach us about the brain, cancer and the Internet: 
Why the best hire might not have the perfect resume:  
How new technology helps blind people explore the world: 
This nerdy approach to fighting crime is much more effective: 
What it feels like to push your mind and body to the limit — deep underwater:  @guillaumenery
Incredible new science lets monkeys send thoughts straight into each other's brains: 
We can learn a lot from semi-intelligent slime: 
These robots are training for the 2050 World Cup:  
"The gay rights movement asks us to support justice and equality from a space of love." 
How we're growing baby corals to rebuild reefs:  @CoralSci 
George Takei shares his experience in a Japanese internment camp -- and explains why he still loves his country: 
"Good fiction is written by people who've read a lot of fiction." - William Gibson 
How America fails new parents — and their babies:  @jessicashortall 
My road trip through the whitest towns in America:  @RichBenjaminUSA 
If you could erase bad memories, would you do it? The science of memory manipulation: 
Meet the "Supergays," LGBT people who are thriving around the world: 
Would you be brave enough to leap from the stratosphere? This man was: 
A spoken word poem about life on the front lines of high school:  @MalcolmLondon
Deep under the Earth's surface, discovering beauty and science:  @Cescosauro 
Robots that slither, climb, and crawl...and train for the World Cup:  
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
Why tap dance is still a wonderful art form: 
"Science is based on the collective wisdom of all of the scientists who have worked on a particular problem." 
"The pyramid of life in the ocean and our own lives on land are intricately connected."  
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
The US needs paid family leave — for the sake of its future:  @jessicashortall
Why all new parents should get paid time off work:  @jessicashortall
"Armed groups like ISIS build stronger bonds with the population by investing in social services." @benedettabertiw 
The future of news will put you right in the story: 
How the world looks to a man with autistic savant syndrome: 
Thrilling photos taken by a storm chaser:  
Why are these 32 symbols found in ancient caves all over Europe?  
"The United States has a dark history of disproportionately punishing people because of their political views." 
Why jealousy is so powerful: 
"Jealousy is exhausting. It's a hungry emotion. It must be fed."  @parul_sehgal
My country will be underwater soon — unless we work together:  
An electrifying beatbox performance: 
Art made of trust, vulnerability and connection:  
This guy makes musical instruments irrelevant: 
"These storms swirl and spin and undulate, with their lava lamp-like mammatus clouds. They become lovely monsters." 
"The moment kids start to lie is the moment storytelling begins." 
The secret sneaker market — and why it matters:  @Campless 
What kids can teach us about creativity: 
A brief history of secret prisons in the United States:  @will_potter 
196 great books from every country in the world: 
The exhilarating peace of freediving:  @guillaumenery 
How patients with rare diseases can find a cure:  
"We cannot understand groups like ISIS, let alone defeat them, if we don't have the full picture."  @benedettabertiw
"Catching cancer early is the closest thing we have to a silver bullet cure against it."  
"To walk across a melting ocean of ice is without a doubt the most frightening thing."  
Why you should ask your doctor, "Is this disease or treatment different in women?" 
The incredible story of how we landed on a comet, for the first time ever: 
This father wired his house with video cameras to watch his infant son learn language. The results are fascinating: 
Inside Rosetta's mind-boggling mission to land on a comet 4 billion miles away:  
"Thousands of people work full and part-time jobs, and live in their cars." A personal story of homelessness: 
10 of the weirdest, oldest, fastest creatures in the ocean:  
Astonishing photos of caves made from ice and snow:  
The warfare tactic that crushed cities (but not spirits): 
"To walk across a melting ocean of ice is without a doubt the most frightening thing."  
Meet the mother whose son inspired the Ice Bucket Challenge: 
"The heat is on!" Inside one of the most exciting, modern adventure stories:  
"Science is based on the collective wisdom of all of the scientists who have worked on a particular problem." 
An extraordinary story of attempted murder, forgiveness and redemption: 
Meet the Hubble Space Telescope's photo editor:  
This eye-catching subway installation shows slow-motion portraits of everyday New Yorkers:  
"What we need now is a radically new conception of agriculture, one in which the food actually tastes good." 
The story behind one of our most iconic images of space:  
This trip was nearly 4 billion miles — and took 10 years: 
The largest river on Earth is invisible -- and airborne:  
Comedian John @Hodgman's detalied, hilarious proof of the existence of aliens (and, even stranger, love): 
A brief history of tap dance (and why it’s still a great art form):  @andrewjnemr 
How new technology helps blind people explore the world:  
An artist's odd quest to draw attention to the California Drought:  
What we should teach every child about food:  @JamieOliver
"Nobody sensible simply wants more trust. Sensible people want to place their trust where it is deserved." 
"The only true disability is a crushed spirit; a spirit that's been crushed doesn't have hope." 
"Many of the greatest teams are scratchy, sharing an impatience with anything less than the best." 
"Solitude is where you find yourself so that you can reach out to other people and form real attachments." 
"You look like a mermaid, but you walk like a waltz." A charming story of mixed emoticons:  
"We expect more from technology and less from each other." 
"No matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal." 
Imagine exploring these stunning ice caves:  
This designer uses kombucha and vegetable leather to make clothes: 
"When it comes to our inner life, we can trust the Dalai Lama as an expert whose guidance can benefit us all." 
This incredible woman stood up to the Taliban -- and got her way: 
"Crime is a product of a distorted mind." 
What if you could experience the news with your body, not just your mind? 
Why we must teach our children how to be alone: 
Beautiful, sad gifs show what's happening to the ocean:  
12 #TEDTalks for when you wish you could go back to college:  
"Trust requires an intelligent judgement." How to be smart about who you trust: 
Why America needs to offer paid maternity leave:  @jessicashortall
Why all new parents should get paid time off work:  @jessicashortall
America’s shameful lack of maternity leave:  @jessicashortall
"The FBI is much better at creating terrorists than it is at catching terrorists." 
How America fails new parents — and their babies:  @jessicashortall 
The science that helps vegetative patients communicate with loved ones:  
"I would encourage all of us to remember that dying people are living and to treat them accordingly." 
The art and science of space photography:  
This dancer is bringing tap dance back:  @andrewjnemr
"I channel all that anger, all that pain, into advocacy, because I need my pain to be worth something." 
Can we make religion more inclusive? This woman is trying: 
"Constant connection is changing the way people think of themselves. It's shaping a new way of being." 
6 words to watch during a debt crisis:  
The quest to be the perfect lover is a modern delusion: 
Why you shouldn't try to be the perfect lover:  
Surprising insights on HIV/AIDS, in stunning data visuals:  #WorldAIDSDay
How we're growing baby corals to rebuild reefs:  @CoralSci 
10 TED Talks to watch on #WorldAIDSDay: 
Why we need a food revolution:  @JamieOliver
This is ancient ice extracted from the Antarctic and bathed in polarized light:  
Why we need a new name for "mental illness": 
"Becoming an effective altruist gives you meaning and fulfillment." #GivingTuesday 
Why the way we think about charity is dead wrong:  #GivingTuesday
How spending money on others can buy you happiness:  #GivingTuesday
Firefly romance and the secrets behind their silent sparks: 
Short on time? These talks are 3 minutes or less: 
"This, for me, is one of the very best images of space science I have ever seen."  
How we're priming some kids for college — and others for prison: 
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
Scientists can be wrong, but we should trust them anyway. Here's why: 
"In my experience, there is something addictive about tasting life at the very edge of what's humanly possible." 
Jennifer Doudna on the unintended consequences of editing our DNA:  
A new way to think about home in a global world: 
"I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys, because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me." 
Why it's hard to sell ice to people who don't know what ice is: 
"I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys, because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me." 
An art made of trust, vulnerability and connection:  
Learn something fun in the next three minutes: 
"We're not passive when we watch. On the contrary, we're fulfilling the murderer's desire to be seen." 
12 TED Talks on how to end poverty: 
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse:  
Humans can learn quite a bit from semi-intelligent slime: 
Why wine tastes better if you think it's expensive, and more curious facts about pleasure: 
Stunning photos of the ocean's glory -- and horror:  
The secret ingredient that makes some teams better than others:  
Did you know space ice cream only made it onto one flight? Turns out, it's gross.  
The amazing science of lab-grown organs:  
"Far from being the thing that makes us human, human empathy is far from perfect." — @carlsafina 
"How powerful would our world be if we had kids who were not afraid to take risks, not afraid to think?" 
Why we should combine art and science: 
Young farm startups go back to the land:  
"A professional is someone who has a combination of competence, confidence and belief." 
We can now edit our DNA. But should we? 
Which book would you recommend from your country? 
4 ways to get people to care about the ocean:  
A charming story of an Arctic seal that fell in love with a photographer:  
"Reading textbooks is stressful, but reading does not matter when you feel your story is already written." 
How fireflies use their light to find love and tell lies: 
Could the sun be good for your heart? 
These maps show one book worth reading from every country in the world:  
Scientists may have found the key to eternal youth -- and it's really creepy: 
We can grow our own clothes. Here's how: 
Want a more productive team? Stop measuring productivity: 
The promising and perilous science of gene editing:  
How end of life care can be better for all of us: 
"Great leaders dare to be different. They don't just talk about risk-taking; they actually do it." 
This is the Amazon's powerful secret: 
"Be good to yourself and don't lose yourself in the role of caregiver." 
This man revolutionized finance... with complex math: 
Programmers have more power than we know: 
The spooky science behind quantum biology: 
"Where you criminalize people living with HIV or those at greatest risk, you fuel the epidemic." 
"We need to start judging people by what they do, not what they look like."  
"Your job is not to be perfect. Your job is only to be human." 
7 #TEDTalks for when you wish you had time to read:  
3 TED Talks on the math, science and evolution of sports: 
3 TED Talks on the math, science and evolution of sports: 
"You know how exhausting it can be to try to be perfect when you're not, or to be somebody that you aren't?" 
Beautiful photos of polar ice caps and the furry creatures that live there:  
The nerdiest thing you'll read all day:  @emckean
"There is absolutely no question now that we can catch up with this outbreak, and we can beat Ebola." 
How to read a book from every country in the world: 
These beautiful infographics are changing how we read information: 
Crush your next presentation with the help of these #TEDTalks: 
"Kids don't learn from people they don't like." 
"We train our kids to spend more time on their appearance at the expense of the other aspects of their identities." 
"Tech is making a bid to redefine human connection, but it's also giving us the opportunity to affirm our values." 
Pope Francis is taking climate change seriously. How he's integrating science and religion:  
This charming talk is like listening to your favorite grandfather give you life advice in the living room: 
"We're designing technologies that will give us the illusion of companionship without the demands of friendship." 
"There is really mathematical evidence to say that you should never let the sun go down on your anger." 
Why you should catch up on sleep: 
Why trust and cooperation are essential to good business: 
"Every child deserves an adult who will never give up on them and insists that they become the best they can be." 
How solitude can help you have better relationships: 
"Perfection is the death of all good things." — @GilbertLiz 
These women risk their lives to do something you do every day: 
"Not doing anything puts them at risk of losing their lives to suicide." How doctors can help transgender teens: 
"Globalization has taken us by surprise, and we've been slow to respond to it." How we can catch up: 
"Start thinking of solitude as a good thing. Make room for it." 
Growing up with this increases your risk for 7 leading causes of death in the United States: 
How this 15-year-old kid designed the perfect bow:  
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and trust." 
"Chronic loneliness poses as significant a risk for your long-term health and longevity as cigarette smoking." 
Your natural sleep cycle keeps really weird hours: 
"Being open to uncertain outcomes and taking risks creates opportunities for unexpected discoveries." 
What are your family's stories? Record them for #TheGreatListen this holiday season: 
This mind-bending new science might explain life's biggest questions: 
5 #TEDTalks on the weird science of love:   
"A child who has not been read to is in danger when they get to school." 
What makes a good end of life? A thoughtful answer: 
9 crazy things people do in the name of science...and you thought jumping from the stratosphere was weird: 
Why alone time is an important part of a healthy relationship: 
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
Want to be happy? Be grateful: 
How to read a politician's body language:  
3 ways to hack your love life...with math! 
6 must-read books about psychology, recommended by TED speakers: 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list: 
"Go after what it is that creates meaning in your life and trust yourself to handle the stress that follows." 
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
Your emails are like postcards that everyone can read. Here's a better option: 
Explore your family history with these thoughtful conversation starters:  
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
8 must-read books about business: 
7 TED Talks to help you give thanks: 
"Scrappers are propelled by the belief that the only person you have full control over is yourself." 
"Joy is so important to your health." Why healthy behaviors won't stick unless there's some joy in them: 
Beat the holiday blues with these beautiful talks on the struggle of mental health: 
10 TED Talks to binge watch over the holiday: 
How to have more meaningful conversations: 
These stunning photos of nature will inspire gratitude: 
Want to have better conversations? These TED Talks will help: 
Watch these talks before your family asks what you're doing with your life: 
10 TED Talks to inspire lively conversation: 
5 questions to help you get to know your family better: 
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
Great books to read from every country in the world: 
Want to practice gratitude? Start with these talks: 
Why the best hire might not have the perfect resume:  
"Wood gives Mother Nature fingerprints in our buildings." Why we should build wooden skyscrapers: 
"America was fracturing into two distinct societies: a republic of dreams and a republic of fears." 
"My dream for people with autism is to remove the roadblocks that prevent them from succeeding." — @GenerousAlix 
Meet the tapir, South America’s cutest prehistoric animal:  
"Almost 7 in 10 people who are released from prison will be rearrested in a constant cycle of incarceration." 
"We need to stop letting disease divorce us from our dreams." 
"The pyramid of life in the ocean and our own lives on land are intricately connected."  
What tiny robots can teach us about the ocean: 
Penguins love robots, and other tales of underwater exploration: 
A boat carrying 500 refugees sunk at sea. The story of two survivors:  @melissarfleming 
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." 
Music is all around us. Here’s how to listen for it: 
The unexpected beauty of everyday sounds:  
Why teenagers act the way they do: 
The obesity crisis may be hiding a much bigger problem: 
Why teenagers seem so much more impulsive than grown-ups: 
The mysterious workings of the adolescent brain: 
"Color blindness is very dangerous because it means we're avoiding the problem." 
"People want to be allowed to be virtuous. They want to have permission to do the right thing." 
"The last thing I remember was lying on a white blanket, telling my surgeon to please try and save my voice." 
How we can design with the blind in mind: 
Stunning photos of the endangered Everglades:  @MacStonePhoto 
"Today, I'm dressed in C major." How @NeilHarbisson listens to color:  
My year reading a book from every country in the world:  @A_B_Morgan 
Interview your elders over the holidays &amp; record their stories for #TheGreatListen:  @StoryCorps
Why do we cry? The three types of tears:  via @TED_ED
"I'm asking you to be color brave, so that every child knows that their dreams are possible." 
"Bed bugs evolved to survive on any human blood." The creepy story of the most hated pest:  @brookeborel
"We're all going to die -- and poems can help us live with that." A love letter to poetry: 
"We can now match people to their dogs based on the microbes they share." 
"If you hire people who believe what you believe, they'll work for you with blood and sweat and tears." 
This new test can detect cancer before you show any symptoms. Watch the first live demo:  
17 teachers from around the world open up about the economics of their dream job: 
A child imprisoned for protecting his mother and the lawyer who saved his life: 
"If you have dreams, it's your responsibility to make them happen." 
"Prison now stands firmly between the young people trying to make it and the fulfillment of the American dream." 
3 quick quizzes to test your psychology knowledge:  @benambridge 
You might not care about gecko feet now, but you'll love them after this talk: 
4 ways to get people to care about the ocean:  
"Every time I fail to become more like my father, I become more like myself." 
Poor sanitation kills 1.5 million children every year. How we can save their lives:  #WorldToiletDay
Join the single largest collection of human voices ever gathered:  #TheGreatListen
A funny, high-energy ode to mothers everywhere: 
"My parents didn't believe in 'can't.' My father's mantra was, 'You can do it, yes you can can.'" 
"I love my students, and I believe in their possibilities unconditionally." 
"Reading textbooks is stressful, but reading does not matter when you feel your story is already written." 
Two poems about what dogs think (probably): 
This teen's loss inspired him to invent a new test for pancreatic cancer: 
How I teach kids to love science:  @cesarharada 
Striking footage of big cats in Africa:  
8 #TEDTalks for people who love food: 
These 10 #TEDTalks are perfect for binge-watching: 
"Your job is not to be perfect. Your job is only to be human." 
How love and consumerism have gotten all mixed up: 
"Now, you have to learn to wake up and get dressed for your digital self." 
"I used to dress in a way that looked good. Now I dress in a way that sounds good." 
"You know how exhausting it can be to try to be perfect when you're not, or to be somebody that you aren't?" 
The surprising way groups like ISIS stay in power:  @benedettabertiw 
"Clean and dirty jobs aren't opposites. They're two sides of the same coin." What we can learn from dirty jobs: 
"Why not celebrate uniqueness and cheer every time someone unleashes their imagination?" 
7 TED Talks to inspire your job hunt: 
The stunning life story of a transgender business icon who refused to take no for an answer: 
Why 80 people put on blue polo shirts and khaki pants and stood around in a Best Buy: 
"Perfection is the death of all good things." — @GilbertLiz 
"It's unbelievably important for us to test our listening skills, to use our bodies as a resonating chamber." 
Help record the stories and voices of an entire generation:  #TheGreatListen @StoryCorps
Poets are more likely to associate numbers with colors, and other strange facts about your brain: 
"If we started to think about how we feed our kids as a health initiative, we wouldn't have corn dogs as lunch." 
"I started out with a dream to make a star in my garage, and I ended up meeting the president." 
Are you smarter than a 19th-century 5th grader? Test yourself:  
11 TED Talks by people with jobs you never knew existed:  
Pretty soon, kids will start asking for a robot instead of a dog: 
How should we talk about transgender issues?  #TDOR
"I can no longer live my truth for and by myself. I want to help others live without shame and terror."  #TDOR
A transgender supermodel shares her extraordinary story of courage and self-identity:  #TDOR 
"Gender has always been considered a fact, immutable. We now know it's more fluid, complex, and mysterious."  #TDOR
"All of us are put in boxes. Those with the courage to break free are always a threat to the status quo."  #TDOR
A powerful poem about what it feels like to be transgender:  #TDOR
5 TED Talks to cheer you up on a bad day: 
Why are these 32 symbols found in ancient caves all over Europe?  
"Why is my daughter so strong? Because I didn't clip her wings." A beautiful talk on empowering women: 
What color is a mirror? The power of asking really weird questions: 
What's the most satisfying job in the world? You'd be surprised.  
An adorable father-daughter dance at Richmond City Jail:  
Can a test measure the power of your imagination? 
"Married men earn about 26 percent more than single men at equivalent levels." 
Where does creativity hide? @AmyTan, author of The Joy Luck Club, shares how she finds inspiration: 
How to know if your dog really loves you: 
"Far from being the thing that makes us human, human empathy is far from perfect." — @carlsafina 
Are you easily fooled by statistics? Test yourself with the quizzes in this talk: 
This adorable kid just might be the next Steve Jobs:  
"Access to sanitation is a basic human right. It is our moral, social and environmental obligation."  #WorldToiletDay
What are animals thinking and feeling?  @carlsafina 
"Sanitation is more about dignity than about human disposal of waste."  #WorldToiletDay
"For developing countries, software and space ships may not be as important as taps and toilets."  #WorldToiletDay
How to train your dog, the dog-friendly way: 
"People with dirty jobs are happier than you think. Roadkill picker-uppers whistle while they work." 
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
"70% of fathers and 65% of mothers exhibit a preference for at least one child." The impact of sibling favoritism: 
How this 15-year-old kid designed the perfect bow:  
Replace the brain cells you fried sitting too close to the TV because you didn't listen to your mother: 
"Discover what it is that gives you pain, and then refuse to inflict that pain on anybody else." 
This is what enduring love looks like:  
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
"Why don't we ask for the things we need?" A simple way to be more open with those you love: 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
12 TED Talks for people who love words:  
The toxic footprint of our hospitals:  
6 curious kids interview their moms about life and love:  
Why losing someone you love only makes you want them more: 
"Love is a process. Thinking of it as binary causes us to be unduly concerned that it's fraudulent or inadequate." 
If you've ever loved an addict, this talk is for you: 
"This is the thing that most of us really want from love: to be known, to be seen, to be understood." — @LenMandy 
My country will be underwater soon — unless we work together:  
“Even people raised on hate can make a choice about who they want to be.”  @ZakEbrahim
3 ways to hack your love life...with math! 
“Empathy is more powerful than hate, and our lives should be dedicated to making it go viral.”  @ZakEbrahim
"You've got to identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most." How to achieve lasting success: 
In the future, the news will put you right in the story:  @ImmersiveJourno
Falling in love is the easy part:  @LenMandy 
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
"Passion is your greatest love. Passion will help you create the highest expression of your talent." 
11 TED Talks on how we can redesign humans: 
This is how ISIS makes money: 
How different will our bodies be in the future? Here's a sneak peek: 
The future of news? Virtual reality:  @ImmersiveJourno 
"Communities don’t emerge magically from a womb; they are built." - @RichBenjaminUSA 
"Climate change is the greatest threat to human rights in the 21st century."  @MRFCJ
The first female President of Ireland shares why climate change is too important for politics: 
8 #TEDTalks to help you understand race in America: 
How we can use special stem cells to help damaged brains heal faster: 
A harrowing story of life during the North Korean famine: 
"Much is to be gained by eBooks, but something is definitely lost: a sensual experience, a little bit of humanity." 
These 12 iconic speakers have redefined their fields: 
Sugar pills, injections of nothing — they often really work: 
"It is time to celebrate all the unsung heroines who find the heart and the grit to test every limit." 
20 amazing words that aren't in the dictionary yet:  @emckean 
How a fierce and loving principal turned her high school around: 
"Mastery is easy to achieve using a computer, because it doesn't get tired of showing you the same video 5 times." 
The secret sneaker market — and why it matters:  @Campless 
What online courses teach us about how we learn: 
10 #TEDTalks that re-imagine school:  
These incredible teachers can help us fix the classroom: 
These weird little critters are still a mystery to scientists:  
"There is a moral dimension to history; there is a moral arrow. We have seen progress over time." 
The secret sneaker market — and why it matters:  @joshluber 
An artist's quest to draw attention to the California Drought:  
"Everything at some point comes from nature. It's how you use the material that dictates the environmental impact." 
Get to know our future robot overlords:   
"There’s nothing in the auditory world that is harder for the brain to process than music.” 
14 #TEDTalks on the dark side of data: 
The heartbreaking text that inspired a crisis help line:  @nancylublin 
Pluto is the farthest planet we've ever reached. But why stop there? 
Home is a song I've always remembered:  @Teitur 
7 #TEDTalks on how to be generous:  
"Mastery is not a commitment to a goal, but to a constant pursuit." 
This delightful talk will make you love poetry: 
"Politeness is a much-overlooked virtue. It's seen as hypocrisy." — @alaindebotton 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
6 #TEDTalks on how (and why) to forgive:  
Climate change is happening. Here's how we adapt:  
What are schools like in North Korea? Hear one teacher's story: 
How my mind came back to life — and no one knew:  @martinpistorius 
"Empower everybody to use their judgment, their intelligence." 
13 #TEDTalks you can watch in 3 minutes: 
"If nobody told you they loved you today, you remember I do." How one brave principal saved a school: 
What can your language express that no other language can? 
How to beat loneliness:  @GuyWinch 
5 #TEDTalks to watch when you want to let go of regret:  
How can we make work more meaningful?  via @TEDRadioHour
What atheists can learn from religion:  @alaindebotton
4 TED Talks about how your heart works:  
"Almost everyone wants more from work than just a paycheck." 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
The forgotten history of autism that we need to remember now: 
Why I'm a weekday vegetarian:  
#WorldVegetarianDay @ghill
This is the terrible price of shame: 
7 #TEDTalks to help you slow down and enjoy life:  
45 must-listen podcasts to freshen up your commute:  #PodcastDay 
3 tips for dealing with loneliness: 
"Satisfied workers are satisfied because they find what they do meaningful." 
"All the time, we find animals doing things that, in our arrogance, we thought was just human." 
We're at #TEDYouth today! Join us and watch the free livestream here:  
This mind-bending new science might explain life's biggest questions: 
"Falling in love is not the same thing as staying in love. Falling in love is the easy part." — @LenMandy 
A better way to answer, "Where are you from?" 
This network connects patients suffering from rare disorders with researchers around the world who can help: 
Everyday cybercrime -- and what you can do about it: 
"Through that nick of the skin, I could see the birth of a revolution in cancer treatment." 
The chilling aftershock of a brush with death:  @jpmari000 
The world's infrastructure depends on the Internet. What happens if it suddenly fails? 
"You need coalitions of the willing and of the unwilling to make change." 
What do we do when antibiotics don’t work any more? 
What’s it like to have a song inside your head? A neuroscientist and a songwriter compare notes: 
"I'd never held anyone who gripped me as tightly as that child or who cried as hard or as long." 
The scale of the refugee crisis is daunting. Here are some meaningful ways that you can help: 
"The average American physician interrupts their patient in 14 seconds." 
What are the ethics of using young blood to stop aging?  
A critical look at our culture's narrow definition of beauty: 
"Image is powerful, but it's also superficial." 
"In 1982, there were only two other Dannys on the Internet then. I knew them both." 
This new video technology reveals an object's hidden properties, with mindblowing implications: 
"The most important innovation in medicine is the power of the human hand—to touch, to comfort, to diagnose." 
How the American diet is wrecking global health: 
13 #TEDTalks by brilliant kids and teens:  
"How we look, though it is superficial and immutable, has a huge impact on our lives." 
The Internet could crash. We need a backup plan: 
What making music does to your brain:  
"You can take away my passport, but you can't take away my experience. Where I'm from comes wherever I go." 
How I'm working for change inside my church:  @_chelseashields 
Why we have too few women leaders:  @sherylsandberg
"This was the biggest dream I ever had &amp; it was so nearly perfect." An epic survival story:  
"New medical technologies will not diminish bias. They will amplify it." 
"We need to see the people who have lived through a particular experience as the expert on their issue." 
Chimpanzees have feelings and thoughts. Why they should also have rights:  
"If we don't expect more from each other, hope better for one another, and recover from hurt, we are surely doomed." 
"We have an oversimplified and increasingly outmoded view of the biological basis of psychiatric disorders." 
An invitation to men who want a better world for women:  @e_nyamayaro #HeForShe
Why we should ban killer robots:  
10 #TEDTalks about co-existing peacefully with robots: 
Gecko feet. They're fascinating. 
"We're all on a one-way street, and what are we going to do to have no regrets looking back?" 
"#HeForShe is based on a simple idea: that what we share is much more powerful than what divides us." — @e_nyamayaro 
A shocking, personal look at the dangers asylum seekers face:  
Why public beheadings get millions of views:  @francesrlarson
"Why are we discovering side effects on women only after a drug has been released to the market?" 
Have you ever taken pain relief meds? You have this guy to thank for them: 
"Nowhere is magical unless you can bring the right eyes to it." 
14 powerful war stories from people who have seen it firsthand:  #VeteransDay 
"I wanted people to ask about my experiences, and the only question I got was: Did you shoot anybody?"  #VeteransDay
"‘Thank you for your service’ means acknowledging our stories. Asking us who we are." 
"War does not have one simple, neat truth." Why veterans miss war:  #VeteransDay
How to talk to veterans about the war:  #VeteransDay
If we're going to stop war, we have to answer this question:  #VeteransDay
How should you talk to veterans about their experience at war? Important advice for Veterans Day: 
The deeply human decisions behind your Google search results: 
Terrorists make headlines by destroying ancient sites like Palmyra. But there’s a more sinister endgame: 
How to unlock your family history:  
"You’ve probably heard of blood diamonds and blood ivory. But what about blood antiquities?" 
"The wonderfully seductive idea of the unbiased, clean search result is a myth." — @andreasekstrom 
8 practical ways to help refugees:  
The destructive way terrorists make money:  
This is how ISIS makes money: 
"Behind every algorithm is a person with a set of personal beliefs that no code can ever completely eradicate." 
The moral bias behind your search results:  @andreasekstrom 
Unforgettable cases for true crime buffs: 
"With increased wealth and profits has to come greater corporate social responsibility." - Paul Tudor Jones II 
Does anyone want to go champing this weekend?  @emckean
A thrilling look at the first 21 days of a bee’s life: 
“Give yourself permission and time to think about what it is you want to experience in your life." 
What @FCousteau learned from living underwater for 31 days:  
Why #TheMartian’s Andy Weir loves Mars -- but doesn’t want to go there:  
"Our moral integrity is our responsibility, and we must be prepared to defend it, even if it's not convenient." 
The treadmill really is a torture device:  via @TED_ED
A fun introduction to your working memory (with a quick way to test it): 
Prosthetic limbs are uncomfortable. Here's how we can fix them: 
Pluto is the farthest planet we've ever reached. But why stop there? 
Why we must get vaccinated:  
"A lot of people can boldly ask for a raise, but can’t ask for a hug. And a lot have the opposite problem." 
"We treat prisoners as ghosts; they're unseen and unheard." — @will_potter  @will_potter
Does the media have a responsibility to give you what you need or what you want? 
A musical escape into a world of light and color:  @KakiKing 
This is what LGBT life is like around the world:  
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
Have you ever walked into a room and forgotten why you're there? Here's why: 
7 #TEDTalks on how to be generous:  
Why Jane Goodall still has hope that we can save the planet: 
"We are living at a moment in which the very fabric of human society is being rewoven." 
"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
There is hope in the fight against Alzheimer’s: 
This is why it's so important that everyone gets vaccinated: 
9 #TEDTalks on how games can improve your life:  
"Politeness is a much-overlooked virtue. It's seen as hypocrisy." — @alaindebotton 
Let puppies teach you complexity theory:  
10 #TEDTalks by women that everyone should watch: 
What atheists can learn from religion:  @alaindebotton
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
This delightful talk will make you love poetry: 
"The measure of a free society is not how it treats its good citizens, but how it treats its dissidents." 
How technology is changing our relationships to each other: 
This incredible woman stopped the Taliban from shutting down her school:  
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
"Where you come from now is much less important than where you're going." 
"Perfection is the death of all good things." — @GilbertLiz 
Don’t ask where I’m from, ask where I’m a local:  @taiyeselasi 
The nerdiest thing you'll read all day:  @emckean
How can we make work more meaningful?  via @TEDRadioHour
"Knowledge is almost always better than ignorance — and usually less frightening."  @JamieJBartlett
4 TED Talks about how your heart works:  
6 #TEDTalks to watch when the Internet is making you mad:  
How your mightiest organ works: 
The secret Internet you never see…and why you'll be on it soon: 
How to manage the emotional roller coaster of creativity: 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
This mind-bending new science might explain life's biggest questions: 
"Hope is a beautiful thing in medicine — its most tender center — but it is also the most dangerous." 
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
"70% of fathers and 65% of mothers exhibit a preference for at least one child." The impact of sibling favoritism: 
"Disability in our age should not prevent anyone from living meaningful lives." 
How a Photoshop wizard creates impossible photos:  
Communicate more effectively by spotting these speech patterns: 
"For most of the past 114 years, everyone, including scientists, mistakenly confused Alzheimer's with aging." 
Beautiful animations that take you inside a living cell:  
How to read a politician's body language:  
"Falling in love is not the same thing as staying in love. Falling in love is the easy part." — @LenMandy 
This is what happens inside your body when you laugh: 
"If you drive a car in the United States, the government has photographs of you going about your daily life." 
"What if there are things that even a good relationship can never provide?" 
"Satisfied workers are satisfied because they find what they do meaningful." 
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
The hidden, powerful structure behind Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech: 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
"Growing even some of our own food is one of the best things that we can do for the environment." 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
"The biggest animal that ever lived is still alive. It's not a dinosaur; it's a whale." 
"Figuring out how to build a more just world is our work to do and our story to tell." 
"At work, we're often so busy 'communicating' that we don't have time to think." 
5 ways to build a beautiful city: 
This new kind of wireless Internet could get the whole world online: 
How we can use special stem cells to help damaged brains heal faster: 
This is the kind of leadership the world wants: 
"If you have a cell phone, you have access to power that a superpower would have highly classified 10 years ago." 
These talks will help you be a better friend to yourself: 
"Almost everyone wants more from work than just a paycheck." 
These #TEDTalks will help you become a confident, compelling public speaker: 
How to make a choice when you're faced with two equal options: 
How can we make work more meaningful?  via @TEDRadioHour
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
The secret Internet you never see…and why you'll be on it soon: 
"If you tell people you're depressed, everyone runs the other way." Let's end the stigma. 
3 tips for dealing with loneliness: 
A breakthrough new kind of wireless Internet:  
"What if there are things that even a good relationship can never provide?" 
"Monsters exist in all of us; the broken parts of ourselves, sadness, secret shame." 
8 #TEDTalks to help you understand race in America: 
“There’s a very personal price to public humiliation, and the growth of the Internet has jacked up that price.” 
How a blind man uses echolocation to see the world with his ears: 
"Everything we blog, everything tweet, and everything we click is a public act of making media." 
Why climate change is a threat to human rights:  @MRFCJ 
These powerful photos expose the reality of inequality and harmful environmental toxins: 
Forget political correctness. Let's try this instead:  @sallykohn
Tiny satellites show us the Earth as it changes in near-real-time:  @planetlabs 
"Climate change is the greatest threat to human rights in the 21st century."  @MRFCJ
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
What tiny robots can teach us about the ocean: 
The future of broadcast news may be in your hands: 
"We have made remarkable progress in the last hundred years, but if we want to continue, our future is in space." 
Ever started to like a song after hearing it millions of times? Why we love repetition in music:  via @TED_ED
"We have to change the way we view and prevent infectious diseases." — @GaviSeth 
The coolest animal you know nothing about... and how we can save it:  @MediciPatricia 
Want to handle stress better? Here's how:  #NationalStressAwarenessDay 
How to stay calm when you know you'll be stressed:   #NationalStressAwarenessDay
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed:  via @TED_ED #NationalStressAwarenessDay
How to make stress your friend:  #NationalStressAwarenessDay
Why it's harmful to be 'color blind' when it comes to race: 
Mars might hold the secret to the origin of life: 
Will the next generation of basketball coaches be computers? 
Physical therapy is boring. This video game makes it way more fun: 
Get to know our future robot overlords:   
"The reality is, hackers can do a lot more than break things. They can bring people together." 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
"If I controlled the Internet, you could auction your broken heart on eBay." 
"My dream for people with autism is to remove the roadblocks that prevent them from succeeding." — @GenerousAlix 
"With increased wealth and profits has to come greater corporate social responsibility." - Paul Tudor Jones II 
"Emergency room doctors are trained to make decisions quickly, but not always accurately." 
Two nameless bodies washed up on the beach. Here are their stories:  @afjellberg
7 #TEDTalks with fascinating stories of true crime:  
"What if we decided to search for those small coincidences in life that are truly amazing?" 
A boat carrying 500 refugees sunk at sea. The story of two survivors:  @melissarfleming 
The heartbreaking text that inspired a crisis help line:  @nancylublin 
Parasites are so much cooler than you think: 
Do you know which chemical combos cause explosions? How to understand the periodic table: 
How we can make growing old a more enjoyable experience: 
4 powerful poems about Parkinson's and growing older:  @TheRobinMorgan 
"We have to let machines evolve and learn like children." How this strange robot taught itself to walk: 
How societies around the world treat their elders: 
INFOGRAPHIC: The shocking reality of violence against women 
The future of flying robots:  
"Frustration is not an interruption of the process, frustration is the process." — @GilbertLiz 
The @EmpireStateBldg is lit red tonight in honor of TED Talks Live in New York City! #TEDTalksPBS 
Privacy matters for everyone -- not just people with something to hide. Here's why: 
"Curiosity doesn’t take anything from you. Curiosity just gives." — @GilbertLiz 
These photos offer a glimpse of life on the road: 
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
10 #TEDTalks by women that everyone should watch: 
Why it's a mistake to keep important information classified: 
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
When your boss tells you to stop chatting and get to work, show them this talk: 
Fear is boring, and other tips for living a creative life:  @GilbertLiz 
7 #TEDTalks to help you find the right job:  
Why we desperately need to redesign the refrigerator: 
Scientists can be wrong, but we should trust them anyway. Here's why: 
Live the life you want to live: 
3 ways good design makes you happy: 
"Women's health is an equal rights issue as important as equal pay." 
"If the monster wants you, the monster's gonna get you." 3 ways to strengthen yourself against dementia: 
6 reasons why it's so important to make your neighborhood beautiful:  
Great designers are really good at this seemingly simple skill: 
How to make work-life balance work: 
Could the sun be good for your heart? 
How to create a stronger password so you don't get hacked: 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
If your favorite English teacher gave a TED Talk, it would go something like this: 
What can your language express that no other language can? 
This man revolutionized finance... with complex math: 
These needy sculptures will make you laugh: 
What do you want to be remembered for at the end of your life? 
What is so special about the human brain? 
"Good and evil is the yin and yang of the human condition." 
"Education transforms people. When you educate people, they are going to be different." 
The inspiration you need to slow down and find stillness: 
If you've ever loved an addict, this talk is for you: 
"Perhaps the task of the third act of life is to finish up the task of finishing ourselves." 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
This is what happens to someone who gets publicly shamed online: 
10 top time-saving tech tips: 
"The meme that married people are happier and healthier than single people is unfounded." 
7 #TEDTalks on the art of meaningful conversation:  
20 words that once meant something very different: 
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." 
Can you spot a fake laugh? You might be surprised: 
"All the time, we find animals doing things that, in our arrogance, we thought was just human." 
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
"This is a story about two questions we all share: what is a better life and what am I willing to do to achieve it?" 
Communicate more effectively by spotting these speech patterns: 
11 beautiful bits of advice on how to wake up your creative genius: 
How do you find stillness in the chaos of daily life? 6 TED speakers share their strategies: 
How this 15-year-old kid designed the perfect bow:  
"There is a rich tradition in Islam of talking frankly about sex." How and why that changed: 
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
These artists paint neighborhoods to give them new life. Hear their funny, inspiring story:  
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
Can a test measure the power of your imagination? 
"You've got to identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most." How to achieve lasting success: 
This absurdly popular television program is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry: 
4 simple tips to help you achieve big goals:  
Great advice for all the 20-somethings in your life: 
"Science is based on the collective wisdom of all of the scientists who have worked on a particular problem." 
This $80 prosthetic knee is changing lives:  @kmd_drev
More women have died of heart disease than men in the past decades. Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
How to stay calm when you know you'll be stressed:   @danlevitin 
Happy birthday, @medialab! Here's what @nnegroponte predicted for the future of tech in 1984:  #ML30
How do you solve a problem like the climate crisis?  
"Our prosperity is no longer prosperity as long as it is pinned to other people's pain." 
The science that helps vegetative patients communicate with loved ones:  
"This was a person that nobody seemed to be missing. It was an invisible life heading for a nameless grave." 
The surprising way groups like ISIS stay in power:  @benedettabertiw 
A simple way to fight clickbait: 
13 #TEDTalks you can watch in 3 minutes: 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think:  
5 #TEDTalks to watch when you want to let go of regret:  
The art of asking for what you want -- even when it's scary:  @amandapalmer
"Embracing our inner wiring leads to a happier, more authentic life." — @emiliewapnick 
Watch these adorable robots play follow the leader: 
Why we need to build a world that works for introverts too:  
7 #TEDTalks to help you slow down and enjoy life:  
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
7 TED Talks on how to be smart about your money:  
How to manage the emotional roller coaster of creativity: 
3 #TEDTalks to watch when you have a big decision to make:  
5 ways to be a better human at the zoo:  
13 #TEDTalks by brilliant kids and teens:  
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
"If you drive a car in the United States, the government has photographs of you going about your daily life." 
"You don't need to be brilliant to be wise, but without wisdom, brilliance isn't enough."  
5 #TEDTalks on the truth about lying: 
How to speak so that people want to listen:  @juliantreasure
7 TED Talks on how we're fighting cancer:  
How to prepare for a good death:  
The transformative power of classical music:  @BenjaminZander
How great leaders inspire action:  @simonsinek
10 things you didn't know about orgasm:  @mary_roach
How smart design can improve the quality of life of thousands of amputees: 
14 TED Talks on the reality of war:  
Why work doesn't happen at work:  @jasonfried 
Be a better friend to yourself: 
The promising and perilous science of gene editing:  
How your body language shapes who you are:  @amyjccuddy
7 TED Talks on artificial intelligence:  
How to make stress your friend:  @kellymcgonigal
12 TED Talks for people who love words:  
A journey into the world's oldest and must puzzling caves:  
The enchanting music of sign language:  @chrisunkim 
The price of being single:  
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf
"America was fracturing into two distinct societies: a republic of dreams and a republic of fears." 
Robots that slither, climb, and crawl...and train for the World Cup:  
“The pessimists and doomsayers who say that the world can’t get better are simply wrong.” — @shepleygreen 
"Climate change is the greatest threat to human rights in the 21st century."  @MRFCJ
"Women working together -- linked, informed and educated -- can bring peace and prosperity." 
The story we tell about poverty isn't true:  @miabirdsong
Don't kill your language:  
How I teach kids to love science:  @cesarharada 
Scientists have been trying to replicate bird flight for years. This robot finally soars:  
"We all wind up traveling through life, trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything." 
How psychopaths might be able to develop a moral compass: 
Soon we'll cure diseases with a cell, not a pill:  
The future of flying robots:  
5 reasons why killer robots are a terrible idea: 
Stunning photos of the endangered Everglades:  @MacStonePhoto 
Home is a song I've always remembered:  @Teitur 
There is hope in the fight against Alzheimer’s: 
How we can make the world a better place by 2030:  @shepleygreen
Replace the brain cells you fried sitting too close to the TV because you didn't listen to your mother: 
"There is nothing people won’t tell you if you ask in a compassionate and interested way.” — @humansofny 
"Of the top ten causes of death worldwide, Alzheimer's is the only one we cannot prevent, cure or even slow down." 
Don’t ask where I’m from, ask where I’m a local:  @taiyeselasi 
This teen's invention can be a huge help for Alzheimer's patients and their caregivers:  
"For most of the past 114 years, everyone, including scientists, mistakenly confused Alzheimer's with aging." 
You can grow new brain cells. Here's how:  
13 #TEDTalks full of totally weird, random facts: 
Easy ways to grow new brain cells -- even as an adult: 
"The opposite of addiction is not sobriety. The opposite of addiction is connection." — @johannhari101 
"We have within us the capacity to manufacture the happiness we are constantly chasing." 
Climate change is happening. Here's how we adapt:  
Social services are broken. How we can fix them:  @HilaryCottam 
Meet the type designer who created Verdana, Georgia and Bell Centennial: 
This man turns juggling into an art form: 
Penguins love robots, and other tales of underwater exploration: 
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf 
This man uses telepresence robots to visit museums around the world from his home:  
"The only way to ensure the full participation of women globally is by reclaiming religion." — @almmura 
"Human trafficking survivors don't need saving. They need solidarity." 
Robots that slither, climb, and crawl...and train for the World Cup:  
3 ways tiny robots are going to fix everything:  
“Think of the US's drug war not as a rational policy, but as the international projection of a domestic psychosis.” 
"The great problem for reform or transformation is the tyranny of common sense." 
"It is time to celebrate all the unsung heroines who find the heart and the grit to test every limit." 
"We are designing technology that will give us the illusion of companionship without the demands of friendship." 
"Our memory tells us stories. What we get to keep from our experiences is a story." 
"When I started talking about my abortion 15 years ago, I was told that my voice didn’t matter." 
"Talking about virtual reality is like dancing about architecture." 
12 TED Talks by photographers who use their art to help fight for social justice:  #WorldPhotographyDay
"People are actually really open to changing things if they're given the chance to talk about them." 
"For developing countries, software companies and space ships may not be as important as taps and toilets." 
“Heart is what drives us and determines our fate.” 
"We need to build a future underwater city. Or better yet, a network of them around the world." 
"As long as there have been public executions, there have been the crowds to see them."  @francesrlarson
"Not investing in refugees is a huge missed opportunity. The victims of war can hold the keys to lasting peace." 
"Nobody sensible simply wants more trust. Sensible people want to place their trust where it is deserved." 
Can we heal a criminal mind? How psychopaths might be able to develop a moral compass: 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
"If you are going to be an ally, I need you to see me." - @ashbeckham 
"Prison now stands firmly between the young people trying to make it and the fulfillment of the American dream." 
11 #TEDTalks about teeny, tiny things: 
These robots are training for the 2050 World Cup:  
An invitation to men who want a better world for women:  @e_nyamayaro #HeForShe
"Our default wiring is to help. But then the question is, why don't we?" 
These playful robots were inspired by honeybees: 
Modern politics turn you off? 8 #TEDTalks to restore your faith in politics: 
"The most fantastic thing about the present time is that we're actually still here." A Q&amp;A with William Gibson: 
"We stand today on the threshold of the post-antibiotic era, when simple infections will kill people once again." 
How to spot a counterfeit bill:  (via @TED_ED)
"Mystery demands to be decoded, and when it's done right, we really, really want to." 
"The victim of an affair is not always the victim of the marriage." — @EstherPerel 
"Good fiction is written by people who've read a lot of fiction." - William Gibson 
Unforgettable talks about important issues that impact us all: 
"Solitude is where you find yourself so you can reach out to other people and form real attachments." 
What happens when companies make helping people a priority: 
This is what goes on inside the body when we are chronically stressed:  via @TED_ED
We can now edit our DNA. But let's do it wisely: 
The promising and perilous science of gene editing: 
Don't let stage fright keep you quiet. Here's how to wow a crowd:  
The secret US prisons you’ve never heard of before:  @will_potter
"Those who are happiest follow their desires, whether that means getting married or staying single." 
The price of being single: 
Deep under the Earth's surface, discovering beauty and science:  @Cescosauro 
"Sanitation work is one of the 10 most dangerous occupations in the US." 
"Machine intelligence is the last invention that humanity will ever need to make." 
"A lot of people can boldly ask for a raise, but can’t ask for a hug. And a lot have the opposite problem." 
"Nowhere is magical unless you can bring the right eyes to it." 
"Why can't we use our anger to challenge and change the evils of the world?" - Nobel Peace Prize winner @k_satyarthi 
"Words are like LEGO. If you use enough force, you can put any two of them together." 
These 12 iconic speakers have redefined their fields: 
"Each one of us is more than what we have lived through. Especially trafficking survivors." 
"We have to make sure that every school that serves children in poverty is a real school." 
"Pain is the most complex human experience." 
Music is all around us. Here’s how to listen for it: 
"Stereotypes are holding women back from leadership roles all over the world." A Q&amp;A with Sheryl Sandberg: 
"If I get vaccinated, not only am I protecting myself, I am also protecting others." 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
"Gradually, my awareness started to return. But no one realized that I had come back to life." 
"Being absolutely true to yourself is freedom." 
"Shakespeare's most poetic lines don't just talk about matters of the heart; they follow its rhythm." 
12 #TEDTalks for when you wish you could go back to college:  
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you have no idea what's going on in the world:  
6 fascinating #TEDTalks on how language changes over time:  
"Don't stand by the sidelines when you see someone getting hurt. If someone is being abused online, do something." 
How to prepare for a good death:  
The price of being single:  
"Every human being needs to listen consciously in order to live fully." 
"There's a hidden epidemic in medicine: Doctors are scared of patients finding out who we are." 
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you have no idea what to do with your life:  
5 #TEDTalks about the genius of babies:  
"These women lived in the 'and.' They proved you could be fierce and you could be feminine." 
5 #TEDTalks that celebrate lifelong learning:  
"America is simultaneously the most and the least successful country in the industrialized world." 
"Sharks are basically the same fish they were 300 million years ago." 
"Why is it that raising our children is associated with so much anguish and confusion?" 
What makes a company successful? These talks explain:  
13 #TEDTalks to help you check your assumptions:  
"Stories can punch holes in our mental walls. And through those holes, we can get a glimpse of the other." 
"I'm kind of obsessed with flags." And now you will be too. 
"I have chosen to stay passionate, engaged with an open heart; I'm working on it every day." 
"Once I had an affair with calculus that lasted longer than some celebrity marriages." 
"If, like me, you're wearing a gold ring, it was forged in a supernova explosion." 
“To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.” 
6 #TEDTalks on how to tell a story: 
"The best time to work on your marriage is before you have one." 
14 #TEDTalks on the dark side of data: 
"The stark reality hit me that I was going to spend the rest of my life locked inside myself, totally alone." 
This solar-powered plane can fly for 118 hours:  
7 #TEDTalks on the complexity of memory: 
"We do ourselves a disservice if we give up on people. Nobody is beyond some kind of restorative process." 
"I can't promise my child a life without bias, but I promise to bias my child with multiple perspectives." 
"In an age of constant movement, nothing is so urgent as sitting still." 
"We can live well not in spite of death, but because of it. Let death be what takes us, not lack of imagination." 
5 #TEDTalks on the truth about lying: 
10 #TEDTalks on why we do the things we do:  
8 #TEDTalks about the world's greatest injustices: 
"There's a very thin dividing line between success and failure." - @richardbranson 
"You know how exhausting it can be to try to be perfect when you're not, or to be somebody that you aren't?" 
"If you have dreams, it's your responsibility to make them happen." 
"There are many ways that we betray our partner: with contempt, with neglect, with indifference, with violence." 
5 TED Talks on how to make love last:  
These 13 #TEDTalks are bite-sized: 
7 #TEDTalks to make your commute go faster: 
"What's it like to be a baby? It's like being in love in Paris for the first time after three double-espressos." 
The promising and perilous science of gene editing:  
"The crisis of desire is often a crisis of the imagination." 
We can now edit our DNA. But let's do it wisely:  
"If you tell people you're depressed, everyone runs the other way." Let's end the stigma. 
"Figuring out how to build a more just world is our work to do and our story to tell." 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
"The biggest animal that ever lived is still alive. It's not a dinosaur; it's a whale." 
"My personality was entombed within a seemingly silent body, a vibrant mind hidden in plain sight." 
"The measure of a free society is not how it treats its good citizens, but how it treats its dissidents." 
"At work, we're often so busy 'communicating' that we don't have time to think." 
These talks will help you be a better friend to yourself: 
"Trafficking happens in sectors where workers are excluded from protections and denied the right to organize." 
These #TEDTalks will help you become a confident, compelling public speaker: 
"We treat prisoners as ghosts; they're unseen and unheard." — @will_potter  @will_potter
"Monsters exist in all of us; the broken parts of ourselves, sadness, secret shame." 
The secret US prisons you’ve never heard of before:  @will_potter 
"These women showed that warriors come in all shapes and sizes."  
"Next time you're about to throw out an appliance, don't. Take it apart with your kid." 
9 #TEDTalks about the importance of self-care:  
"We're never more beautiful than when we're most ugly. That's when we really know what we're made of." 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
4 #TEDTalks on overcoming depression:  
"Chinese food is the most pervasive food on the planet, served on all seven continents, even Antarctica." 
"The only way to really achieve all of your dreams is to fully enjoy every step of your journey." 
11 TED Talks by people with jobs you never knew existed:  
3 TED Talks on the math, science and evolution of sports: 
The first 6 #TEDTalks ever posted online: 
6 #TEDTalks to watch when the Internet is making you mad:  
"We make very poor use of our talents. Many people go through their lives with no real sense of their talents." 
"The human spirit can overcome anything if it has hope." 
4 TED Talks about how your heart works:  
How your mightiest organ works: 
"Let's make sure our ideas of success are our own, that we are truly the authors of our own ambitions." 
"By taking these daily measurements about yourself, you become the expert on your body." 
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship: 
Sex ed for adults in 7 #TEDTalks:  
These are the 20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time: 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
"Almost everyone wants more from work than just a paycheck." 
"Love is a process. Thinking of it as binary causes us to be unduly concerned that it's fraudulent or inadequate." 
11 #TEDTalks to watch with kids: 
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
The creepy story of the world's most hated pest:  
"When you’re attempting something outside the norm, you need unshakable faith in your ability to make it happen." 
"Monogamy used to be one person for life. Today, monogamy is one person at a time." 
10 #TEDTalks to help you shake off rejection:  
Crush your next presentation with the help of these #TEDTalks: 
7 stunning performances that will make you want to dance:  
"Nobody in the world can succeed alone." 
The 10 most popular @TEDx talks: 
"I was chained by a metal cable to my bed, so I could do only four small steps. I always dreamt of the fifth one." 
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and trust." 
"When you connect with people around a shared interest, serendipitous things happen in the future." 
"No matter your position or place in life, it is imperative to create opportunities for children." 
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
"We pay more attention to knowing who to blame in case we fail than to creating the conditions to succeed." 
"If you're feeling fear and despair, your mind narrows down to very safe and conservative ways of thinking." 
"A child who has not been read to is in danger when they get to school." 
"We stigmatize mistakes, and the result is that we are educating people out of their creative capacities." 
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
"Stop this notion that you need to plan everything, and focus on being connected, always learning, fully present." 
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
"Books have given me a portal to connect with people. I know I shall never feel lonely or powerless again." 
"If a little boy leads, there's no negative word for it; it's expected. But if a little girl leads, she's bossy." 
“GDP is a tool to help us measure economies; it is not a way to measure the quality of our lives.” 
“Our bodies change our minds, and our minds can change our behavior, and our behavior can change our outcomes.” 
"Creativity is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status." 
The unexpected beauty of everyday sounds:  
Why public beheadings get millions of views:  @francesrlarson
"Older people can view injustice with compassion, but not despair." 
"Any conversation about global poverty that doesn't include the problem of violence must be deemed not serious." 
Why it's so hard to translate jokes and puns -- and how great translators do it: 
A powerful poem about what it feels like to be transgender: 
"We will venture into outer space, and we will start inhabiting it. I have no doubt about it." 
"Singing, for me, is sweet relief. It is the only time when I feel fluent." On singing through a stutter: 
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
"Listening is what people who tell stories do first." 
A bold vision for the future of… everything: 
How to make a tabletop telepresence robot to beam yourself into meetings: 
8 #TEDTalks about life as a refugee: 
"What we need now is a radically new conception of agriculture, one in which the food actually tastes good." 
What if you could print your food with customized nutrition? The fascinating future of 3D printing: 
"If you have a cell phone, you have access to power that a superpower would have highly classified 10 years ago." 
"We are living at a moment in which the very fabric of human society is being rewoven." 
"There's nothing wrong with picking and mixing, with taking out the best sides of religion." 
What will the future look like? A mind-blowing sneak peek:  
"There is something to learn from the example of religion -- even if you don't believe any of it." 
Two nameless bodies washed up on the beach. Here are their stories:  @afjellberg 
How we can break the cycle of violence -- and stop young people from joining terrorist groups: 
Space food! How we're making comfort food for astronauts in space:  
"Domestic violence happens to everyone -- all races, all religions, all income and education levels." 
"Religions are natural phenomena. They have evolved over millennia." 
"Our comfort foods map who are, where we come from, and what happened to us along the way." 
This is the kind of leadership the world wants: 
Bees are essential to food crops, but they're quickly disappearing. Here's why: 
Pretty soon, kids will start asking for a robot instead of a dog: 
“Even people raised on hate can make a choice about who they want to be.”  @ZakEbrahim
Jaw-dropping new developments in micro-robotics:  
“Empathy is more powerful than hate, and our lives should be dedicated to making it go viral.”  @ZakEbrahim
"We have sold ourselves into a fast food model of education, and it's impoverishing our spirit." 
1 in 5 vegetative patients might be conscious. Here's how we can find them: 
"The chance for greatness, for progress and for change dies the moment we try to be like someone else.” 
"For too long now, children with developmental disorders have suffered from misdiagnosis." 
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." 
"30 days is just about the right amount of time to add a new habit or subtract a habit from your life." 
We all say we want a fair and equal society -- but is that really what we want? A fascinating look at the research: 
Why medicine often has dangerous side effects for women:  @mcgregormd 
"Solitude matters -- for some people it is the air that they breathe." 
This was one of the first women in tech -- and she took it by storm: 
"When people come together and put themselves all into the same movement, they can move mountains." 
"How we look, though it is superficial and immutable, has a huge impact on our lives." 
"The erotic mind is not politically correct." 
"Loneliness distorts our perceptions, making us believe the people around us care much less than they actually do." 
"Hope is a beautiful thing in medicine — its most tender center — but it is also the most dangerous." 
"Where you come from now is much less important than where you're going." 
How to read a politician's body language:  
Let puppies teach you complexity theory:  
A radically new way to think about medicine: 
This is what you should do with your paycheck: 
The most critical factor in medicine? Human bias:  
A simple way to save more of your paycheck: 
@edyong209 Hey Ed, your TED Talk is one of our 30 highest-rated talks on YouTube :) 
Watch these adorable robots play follow the leader: 
7 TED Talks on how to be smart about your money:  
The future of flying robots:  
"Embrace your many passions. Follow your curiosity down those rabbit holes." — @emiliewapnick 
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why: 
3 fascinating studies that challenge our assumptions about choice: 
"Complaining is viral misery." 
How to find creative inspiration all around you: 
Clever, simple ways to use technology more effectively: 
"Human beings are works in progress that mistakenly think they're finished." 
"I'm not scared of being vulnerable; I don't see it as a weakness anymore."  
Beautiful animations that take you inside a living cell:  
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
How to manage the emotional roller coaster of creativity: 
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
"If you drive a car in the United States, the government has photographs of you going about your daily life." 
"You don't need to be brilliant to be wise, but without wisdom, brilliance isn't enough."  
These powerful photos expose the reality of inequality and harmful environmental toxins: 
"The obstacles to drug reform lie within each of us. It's our fears, our lack of knowledge that stand in the way." 
Why it's harmful to be 'color blind' when it comes to race: 
"Thousands of people work full and part-time jobs, and live in their cars." A personal story of homelessness: 
My road trip through the whitest towns in America:  @RichBenjaminUSA 
"Aging is the upward ascension of the human spirit, bringing us into wisdom, wholeness and authenticity." 
"Through reclamation of our narrative, we will continue to fight historic erasure and socioeconomic inequality." 
How we can make the world a better place by 2030:  @shepleygreen 
How a blind man uses echolocation to see the world with his ears: 
"Human trafficking survivors don't need saving. They need solidarity." 
How tiny invisible microbes shape your life in ways you'd never expect: 
Meet the children who are living in refugee camps: 
"Our democracy is a people's democracy. It can be as great as people can be, and as fallible as people are." 
"Poetry and grace can be found in the words of people all around us when we simply take the time to listen." 
How we can make growing old a more enjoyable experience: 
"Separate genders are a constructed fiction. The reality is a gender fluidity that crosses the entire continuum." 
"With increased wealth and profits has to come greater corporate social responsibility." - Paul Tudor Jones II 
"Armed groups like ISIS build stronger bonds with the population by investing in social services." — @benedettabertiw 
Ever started to like a song after hearing it millions of times? Why we love repetition in music:  via @TED_ED
Gecko feet. They're fascinating. 
"Growing even some of our own food is one of the best things that we can do for the environment." 
"Emergency room doctors are trained to make decisions quickly, but not always accurately." 
How scientists are working to create better psychiatric drugs -- without all the awful side effects: 
The strange history of the teddy bear... and why it matters today: 
7 TED Talks on coming out:  #NationalComingOutDay 
"We have to let machines evolve and learn like children." How this strange robot taught itself to walk: 
Parasites are so much cooler than you think: 
Will the next generation of basketball coaches be computers? 
What one woman learned on a cross-country journey listening to people's stories:  @StoryCorps 
"We want to destroy people but not feel bad about it." Why we all get sucked into social media shaming:  @jonronson
"Emergency room doctors are trained to make decisions quickly, but not always accurately." 
Mars might hold the secret to the origin of life: 
"Much is to be gained by eBooks, but something is definitely lost: a sensual experience, a little bit of humanity." 
What's it like to be a woman in competitive gaming? A female gamer explains: 
Physical therapy is boring. This video game makes it way more fun: 
Do you know which chemical combos cause explosions? How to understand the periodic table: 
"We happen to be expressive all the time, even when we're sitting in front of our devices alone." - @kaliouby 
"I started out with a dream to make a star in my garage, and I ended up meeting the president." 
8 #TEDTalks to help you understand race in America: 
How tiny invisible microbes shape your life in ways you'd never expect: 
Why former President Jimmy Carter believes the mistreatment of women is the number one human rights abuse: 
"Everything at some point comes from nature. It's how you use the material that dictates the environmental impact." 
"We cannot understand groups like ISIS, let alone defeat them, if we don't have the full picture."  @benedettabertiw
What if it doesn't rain? How satellite technology helps African farmers insure against drought: 
"Art is our weapon. Culture is a form of resistance." 
"Art can remake one's identity and transform preconceptions." 
"People want to be allowed to be virtuous. They want to have permission to do the right thing." 
"Once upon a time, my voice was stolen from me, and feminism helped me to get my voice back." — @rgay 
"We should be working with nature, not trying to control it." The future of food, with @jamieoliver: 
A warrior's cry against child marriage: 
"Science is based on the collective wisdom of all of the scientists who have worked on a particular problem." 
More women have died of heart disease than men in the past decades. Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
8 #TEDTalks by virtuosos:  
7 #TEDTalks to watch when the weather outside is frightful: 
13 #TEDTalks by brilliant kids and teens:  
Home is a song I've always remembered:  @Teitur 
What are the ethics of using young blood to stop aging?  
"Our prosperity is no longer prosperity as long as it is pinned to other people's pain." 
"What if we decided to search for those small coincidences in life that are truly amazing?" 
An extraordinary story of attempted murder, forgiveness and redemption: 
"Almost 7 in 10 people who are released from prison will be rearrested in a constant cycle of incarceration." 
This might begin to explain why Scots get sick more than Australians: 
"The most important innovation in medicine is the power of the human hand—to touch, to comfort, to diagnose." 
This new video technology reveals an object's hidden properties, with mindblowing implications: 
7 fantastic flags that break every design rule:  @romanmars 
"You need coalitions of the willing and of the unwilling to make change." 
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
How the American diet is wrecking global health: 
"I'd never held anyone who gripped me as tightly as that child or who cried as hard or as long." 
These 12 iconic speakers have redefined their fields: 
5 shocking statistics about violence against women in the developing world: 
What do we do when antibiotics don’t work any more? 
Comedian John @Hodgman's detalied, hilarious proof of the existence of aliens (and, even stranger, love): 
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
"These days, the hunt is on for people's shameful secrets." — @jonronson 
This plant has just two single leaves that have been shredded over the past 2,000 years:  
Everyday cybercrime -- and what you can do about it: 
You can grow new brain cells. Here's how:  
How online shaming destroys lives:  @jonronson
Why does the universe exist? Well, if you really want to know: 
The surprising way groups like ISIS stay in power:  @benedettabertiw 
This astonishing new microscope could turn everyday objects into microphones -- and much, much more: 
The inside story of an elite school in North Korea: 
Design at the intersection of technology and biology:  
6 #TEDTalks on how (and why) to forgive:  
"Empower everybody to use their judgment, their intelligence." 
Why are some people left-handed? @TED_ED explains:  #lefthandersday
The extraordinary story of a minister with a radical way to end youth violence: 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think:  
This is what happens to someone who gets publicly shamed online: 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
The forgotten history of autism that we need to remember now: 
12 #TEDTalks by living legends:  
The art of asking for what you want -- even when it's scary:  @amandapalmer
What are schools like in North Korea? Hear one teacher's story: 
A simple way to fight clickbait: 
"If nobody told you they loved you today, you remember I do." How one brave principal saved a school: 
13 #TEDTalks you can watch in 3 minutes: 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
5 #TEDTalks to watch when you want to let go of regret:  
7 #TEDTalks to help you slow down and enjoy life:  
What can your language express that no other language can? 
Why we need to build a world that works for introverts too:  
7 #TEDTalks to remind you that life goes on:  
"Beauty doesn't equate to goodness, and it certainly doesn't equate to contentment." 
What this everyday task reveals about how you solve problems: 
How the new super-rich are taking over the world: 
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
How a single word can change your conversation: 
3 #TEDTalks to watch when you have a big decision to make:  
How one tweet can ruin your life:  @jonronson
"70% of fathers and 65% of mothers exhibit a preference for at least one child." The impact of sibling favoritism: 
The hidden, powerful structure behind Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech: 
The science that helps vegetative patients communicate with loved ones:  
"64-year-old men and women are running as fast as they were at age 19." 
Soon we'll cure diseases with a cell, not a pill:  
7 young inventors who are changing how we stay healthy:  
"We have no other option than to reclaim the message of human rights, the principles of our faith." 
"I started out with a dream to make a star in my garage, and I ended up meeting the president." 
An invitation to men who want a better world for women:  @e_nyamayaro #HeForShe
"When I started talking about my abortion 15 years ago, I was told that my voice didn’t matter." 
The future of broadcast news may be in your hands: 
What if it doesn't rain? How satellite technology helps African farmers insure against drought: 
"If you don't see the struggle that is unique to my human experience because I am gay, you don't see me." @ashbeckham 
"A society in which people can be monitored at all times breeds conformity and obedience and submission." 
"As a black thinker and writer, I interpret and explain mainstream white America back to itself."  @RichBenjaminUSA
“There’s a very personal price to public humiliation, and the growth of the Internet has jacked up that price.” 
"General Tso never saw a stalk of broccoli in his life." The odd story of Americanized Chinese food: 
"Education allows refugee children to think of their future. Of hope, rather than hatred." 
How to watch a presidential debate:  @amyjccuddy
"Communities don’t emerge magically from a womb; they are built." - @RichBenjaminUSA 
"Everything we blog, everything we tweet, and everything we click is a public act of making media." 
INFOGRAPHIC: The shocking reality of violence against women 
Climate change is happening. Here's how we adapt:  
This nerdy approach to fighting crime is much more effective: 
"There is a moral dimension to history; there is a moral arrow. We have seen progress over time." 
7 #TEDTalks with fascinating stories of true crime:  
"You could have an insect-of-the-month calendar and not need to reuse a species for over 80,000 years." 
A harrowing story of life during the North Korean famine: 
9 TED Talks from inspiring teachers:  #WorldTeachersDay
"We need to see the people who have lived through a particular experience as the expert on their issue." 
Unforgettable cases for true crime buffs: 
Why #TheMartian’s Andy Weir loves Mars -- but doesn’t want to go there:  
What’s so great about Mars? Andy Weir, author of #TheMartian, explains: 
The first female President of Ireland shares why climate change is too important for politics: 
A warrior's cry against child marriage: 
Tiny satellites show us the Earth as it changes in near-real-time:  @planetlabs 
"Growing even some of our own food is one of the best things that we can do for the environment." 
8 #TEDTalks to help you understand race in America: 
What @FCousteau learned from living underwater for 31 days:  
A rare interview with the mathematician who cracked Wall Street:  
A powerful story of what it means to be a true American: 
"You don’t need to work for an organization that saves lives to find meaning and purpose in what you do." 
How technology is changing our relationships to each other: 
Have you ever walked into a room and forgotten why you're there? Here's why: 
A fun introduction to your working memory (with a quick way to test it): 
This delightful talk will make you love poetry: 
This is why it's so important that everyone gets vaccinated: 
How we can use special stem cells to help damaged brains heal faster: 
"If you have a cell phone, you have access to power that a superpower would have highly classified 10 years ago." 
5 ways to build a beautiful city: 
3 tips for dealing with loneliness: 
"We are living at a moment in which the very fabric of human society is being rewoven." 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
"Almost everyone wants more from work than just a paycheck." 
How to make a choice when you're faced with two equal options: 
This is the kind of leadership the world wants: 
How can we make work more meaningful?  via @TEDRadioHour
The secret Internet you never see…and why you'll be on it soon: 
"What if there are things that even a good relationship can never provide?" 
8 TED Talks on how big business can be a force for good: 
"The only thing that limits us is our imagination." 
Everything you think you know about addiction is wrong: 
This is the terrible price of shame: 
"Falling in love is not the same thing as staying in love. Falling in love is the easy part." — @LenMandy 
How a Photoshop wizard creates impossible photos:  
How much money teachers earn around the world: 
A travel writer shares his tips for flying without all the stress: 
Communicate more effectively by spotting these speech patterns: 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
This is what happens inside your body when you laugh: 
This mind-bending new science might explain life's biggest questions: 
"Satisfied workers are satisfied because they find what they do meaningful." 
A better way to answer, "Where are you from?" 
"Our democracy is a people's democracy. It can be as great as people can be, and as fallible as people are." 
"We think a beheading has nothing to do with us, even as we click on the screen to watch."  @francesrlarson
"We happen to be expressive all the time, even when we're sitting in front of our devices alone." - @kaliouby 
Sugar pills, injections of nothing — they often really work: 
It’s okay if you don’t know what you want to be when you grow up:  @emiliewapnick
Why some of us don't have one true calling:  @emiliewapnick 
"Climate change is the greatest threat to human rights in the 21st century."  @MRFCJ
Physical therapy is boring. This video game makes it way more fun: 
How a fierce and loving principal turned her high school around: 
How we can make games like World of Warcraft to solve real-world problems: 
"The stark reality hit me that I was going to spend the rest of my life locked inside myself, totally alone." 
"If we truly listen to one another, we will hear things that demand that we shift our own perceptions." — @AspenBaker 
"It is time to celebrate all the unsung heroines who find the heart and the grit to test every limit." 
"Everything at some point comes from nature. It's how you use the material that dictates the environmental impact." 
"People want to be allowed to be virtuous. They want to have permission to do the right thing." 
How we can design with the blind in mind: 
"Gradually, my awareness started to return. But no one realized that I had come back to life." 
Why I'm a weekday vegetarian:  
#WorldVegetarianDay @ghill
A test that finds 3x more breast tumors, and why it's not available to you:  #BreastCancerAwarenessMonth
7 TED Talks with insights on breast cancer:  #BreastCancerAwarenessMonth
"My personality was entombed within a seemingly silent body, a vibrant mind hidden in plain sight." 
How my mind came back to life — and no one knew:  @martinpistorius 
How to beat loneliness:  @GuyWinch 
“6 years ago, I returned to America and realized the American dream was thriving, but only in India.”  @AnandWrites
“Heart is what drives us and determines our fate.” 
How the teddy bear came to be, and why that strange story matters so much now: 
The untold story of David and Goliath, or the advantage of being an underdog: 
These powerful photos expose the reality of inequality and harmful environmental toxins: 
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
12 #TEDTalks that will restore your faith in humanity:  
Why Jane Goodall still has hope that we can save the planet: 
"Politeness is a much-overlooked virtue. It's seen as hypocrisy." — @alaindebotton 
What atheists can learn from religion:  @alaindebotton
Prosthetic limbs are uncomfortable. Here's how we can fix them: 
Does anyone want to go champing this weekend?  @emckean
This incredible woman stopped the Taliban from shutting down her school:  
4 TED Talks about how your heart works:  
How your mightiest organ works: 
"Disability in our age should not prevent anyone from living meaningful lives." 
6 #TEDTalks to watch when the Internet is making you mad:  
The nerdiest thing you'll read all day:  @emckean
Stunning photos of the endangered Everglades:  @MacStonePhoto 
Worried about smart machines taking over the world? Here's what we need to think about first: 
Have you ever taken pain relief meds? You have this guy to thank for them: 
"Perfection is the death of all good things." — @GilbertLiz 
Chimpanzees have feelings and thoughts. Why they should also have rights:  
45 must-listen podcasts to freshen up your commute:  #PodcastDay 
20 amazing words that aren't in the dictionary yet:  @emckean 
"The pyramid of life in the ocean and our own lives on land are intricately connected."  
What to do when you face a really tough decision: 
"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
Do you like curly fries? What Facebook can learn about you from that simple question:  
"Mastery is not a commitment to a goal, but to a constant pursuit." 
Do we always need to have a choice? How that desire goes haywire: 
"Of the top ten causes of death worldwide, Alzheimer's is the only one we cannot prevent, cure or even slow down." 
This talk is for font nerds: 
The moral dark side of reporting on the dark net:  @JamieJBartlett 
There is hope in the fight against Alzheimer’s: 
7 #TEDTalks on how to be generous:  
Does the media have a responsibility to give you what you need or what you want? 
“Give yourself permission and time to think about what it is you want to experience in your life." 
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
Edward Snowden just joined Twitter, and he only follows the @NSAGov. Well played, @Snowden, well played. 
How societies around the world treat their elders: 
Don’t ask where I’m from, ask where I’m a local:  @taiyeselasi 
"We have an oversimplified and increasingly outmoded view of the biological basis of psychiatric disorders." 
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
"This is the biggest dream I've ever had &amp; it was so nearly perfect." An epic survival story:  
"If we don't expect more from each other, hope better for one another, and recover from hurt, we are surely doomed." 
Pluto is the farthest planet we've ever reached. But why stop there? 
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
"I am not here to inspire you. I am here to tell you that we have been lied to about disability." 
9 #TEDTalks on how games can improve your life:  
10 #TEDTalks by women that everyone should watch: 
When your boss tells you to stop chatting and get to work, show them this talk: 
"For most of the past 114 years, everyone, including scientists, mistakenly confused Alzheimer's with aging." 
Alzheimer’s is not normal aging — and we can cure it:  
Live the life you want to live: 
These photos offer a glimpse of life on the road: 
"Thinking about death clarifies your life." How one artist helps you do that:  
"There are invisible problems all around us -- ones we can solve. But first we need to see them." 
This is what happens to someone who gets publicly shamed online: 
"You are not a mistake. You are not a deficit. You are not something to be eradicated or rendered obsolete." 
Why we desperately need to redesign the refrigerator: 
How to make work-life balance work: 
Great designers are really good at this seemingly simple skill: 
How to create a stronger password so you don't get hacked: 
Privacy matters for everyone -- not just people with something to hide. Here's why: 
7 #TEDTalks to help you find the right job:  
"Good and evil is the yin and yang of the human condition." 
"Our comfort foods map who are, where we come from, and what happened to us along the way." 
"If the monster wants you, the monster's gonna get you." 3 ways to strengthen yourself against dementia: 
3 ways good design makes you happy: 
"If the startup organization is so great, why do so many fail?" 
Could the sun be good for your heart? 
"People are not where they live, where they sleep, or what their life situation is at any given time." 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
What is so special about the human brain? 
If your favorite English teacher gave a TED Talk, it would go something like this: 
The inspiration you need to slow down and find stillness: 
These needy sculptures will make you laugh: 
"The world I believe in is one where we're measured by our ability to overcome adversities, not avoid them." 
Scientists can be wrong, but we should trust them anyway. Here's why: 
What can your language express that no other language can? 
If you've ever loved an addict, this talk is for you: 
What do you want to be remembered for at the end of your life? 
"Perhaps the task of the third act of life is to finish up the task of finishing ourselves." 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
7 #TEDTalks on the art of meaningful conversation:  
These artists paint neighborhoods to give them new life. Hear their funny, inspiring story:  
"All the time, we find animals doing things that, in our arrogance, we thought was just human." 
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." 
6 reasons why it's so important to make your neighborhood beautiful:  
20 words that once meant something very different: 
Everything you think you know about addiction is wrong: 
10 top time-saving tech tips: 
Can a test measure the power of your imagination? 
How this 15-year-old kid designed the perfect bow:  
Can you spot a fake laugh? You might be surprised: 
Communicate more effectively by spotting these speech patterns: 
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
Great advice for all the 20-somethings in your life: 
4 simple tips to help you achieve big goals:  
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
This absurdly popular television program is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry: 
"You've got to identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most." How to achieve lasting success: 
"If a little boy leads, there's no negative word for it; it's expected. But if a little girl leads, she's bossy." 
"The FBI is responsible for more terrorism plots in the United States than any other organization." 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
How cults hook people in with easy answers to complex questions: 
"In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever to remember that life is brief and tender." 
"The time has come to stop raising animals industrially and stop eating them thoughtlessly." 
How do you find stillness in the chaos of daily life? 6 TED speakers share their strategies: 
A shocking, personal look at the dangers asylum seekers face:  
"Fear is the oldest, deepest and least subtle part of our emotional life, and so therefore it’s boring." @GilbertLiz 
4 powerful poems about Parkinson's and growing older:  @TheRobinMorgan 
How stories of personal experience help drive change:  
"Frustration is not an interruption of the process, frustration is the process." — @GilbertLiz 
"Curiosity doesn’t take anything from you. Curiosity just gives." — @GilbertLiz 
The treadmill really is a torture device:  via @TED_ED
"Our desire to alter our state of consciousness may be as fundamental as our desire for food, water, and sex." 
Fear is boring, and other tips for living a creative life:  @GilbertLiz 
Why it's a mistake to keep important information classified: 
"Talking about sex is no different than talking about anything else. No matter how much you want it to be." 
"Everything great in life and business is born out of great communication. Sex is no different." 
This man revolutionized finance... with complex math: 
"We spend lots of time learning about calculation, but let's not forget about application."  #math
"I am more scared of the bureaucrat that holds information in a desk drawer than I am of someone who leaks it." 
5 #TEDTalks full of weird facts about sex:  
3 ways to hack your love life...with math! 
11 beautiful bits of advice on how to wake up your creative genius: 
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
Why climate change is a threat to human rights:  @MRFCJ 
"There is a rich tradition in Islam of talking frankly about sex." How and why that changed: 
"The message a lot of kids get from porn is that good sex is about mechanics." Why that's harmful: 
"With increased wealth and profits has to come greater corporate social responsibility." - Paul Tudor Jones II 
"We have made remarkable progress in the last hundred years, but if we want to continue, our future is in space." 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
"I remain a very strong believer that women's rights and religion are not mutually exclusive." 
"Growing even some of our own food is one of the best things that we can do for the environment." 
This art snaps to attention as soon as you enter the room: 
A fascinating look at a culture where funerals are a raucous, public affair: 
"My dream for people with autism is to remove the roadblocks that prevent them from succeeding." — @GenerousAlix 
"Studying the asteroids is like performing forensics on our solar system." 
My road trip through the whitest towns in America:  @RichBenjaminUSA 
"Thousands of people work full and part-time jobs, and live in their cars." A personal story of homelessness: 
A thrilling look at the first 21 days of a bee’s life: 
A powerful poem about what it feels like to be transgender: 
"Almost 7 in 10 people who are released from prison will be rearrested in a constant cycle of incarceration." 
"We should be working with nature, not trying to control it." The future of food, with @jamieoliver: 
8 tips for (mostly) seamless virtual collaboration:  
A provocative talk with a bold call to end the War on Drugs, from drug policy reformist @ethannadelmann: 
Parasites are so much cooler than you think: 
"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
Why you should be more skeptical of headlines about the brain: 

What really happens to the plastic you throw away:  @TED_ED
A critical look at our culture's narrow definition of beauty: 
Why does the universe exist? Well, if you really want to know: 
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
Everyday cybercrime -- and what you can do about it: 
When to take a stand... and when to let it go: 
"I'm asking you to be color brave, so that every child knows that their dreams are possible." 
5 #TEDTalks full of weird facts about sex:  
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
7 #TEDTalks to help you slow down and enjoy life:  
This octopus comes out of nowhere:  
7 #TEDTalks to remind you that life goes on:  
"Why some drugs are legal and others aren't has almost nothing to do w/ safety &amp; everything to do w/ who uses them." 
"Beauty doesn't equate to goodness, and it certainly doesn't equate to contentment." 
How @instagram is revolutionizing architecture -- and giving you control of how your neighborhood looks: 
7 young inventors who are changing how we stay healthy:  
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
Communicate more effectively by spotting these speech patterns: 
Why public beheadings get millions of views:  @francesrlarson 
How we can make growing old a more enjoyable experience: 
An argument about the death penalty that everyone can agree on: 
These robots come to the rescue after a disaster:  
Why it's so hard to translate jokes and puns -- and how great translators do it: 
"Arabic script touches your soul before it reaches your eyes. There is a beauty that you don't need to translate." 
A harrowing story of life during the North Korean famine: 
How to find your voice against gender violence: 
How we can design with the blind in mind: 
14 #TEDTalks on the dark side of data: 
"True empowerment comes from giving yourself the permission to think and act." 
Gorgeous networks that help us understand the world: 
10 #TEDTalks on why we do the things we do:  
Is your data being used against you? 
7 #TEDTalks on what makes businesses work:  
5 #TEDTalks that celebrate lifelong learning:  
These beautiful infographics are changing how we read information: 
How I stopped the Taliban from shutting down my school:  
"Insects have complicated behavior, but they lack complicated brains." 
These psychedelic sculptures will transport you to new worlds:  
This computer lets you reach into the screen and grab pixels with your bare hands: 
No really, you should stand up straight. Here's why:  via @TED_ED
Unforgettable talks about important issues that impact us all: 
More women have died of heart disease than men in the past decades. Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
How to heal from difficult experiences... without letting them define you: 
The computer of the future might look like this: 
How online shaming destroys lives:  @jonronson
Stunning sculptures by a wildly inventive artist:  
What happens when companies make helping people a priority: 
4 quick lessons on galaxy clusters from a teen scientist: 
"Everywhere I go, I see people who are broke but not broken." 
Great designers are really good at this seemingly simple skill: 
Want a more productive team? Stop measuring productivity: 
Billie Jean King talks about her famous 1973 Battle of the Sexes match against Bobby Riggs: 
What we can learn from galaxies far, far away: 
Why we need to build a world that works for introverts too:  
The unrecognized health crisis that affects all of us:  
Why we need to talk about depression: 
These talks will help you be a better friend to yourself: 
How to hack online dating: 
"We need to radically rethink our view of intelligence." How schools kill creativity: 
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
How this 15-year-old kid designed the perfect bow:  
6 ideas from creative thinkers to shake up your work routine: 
What we still don't know about male anatomy: 
8 TED Talks on how big business can be a force for good: 
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
"You could have an insect-of-the-month calendar and not need to reuse a species for over 80,000 years." 
"I'm a mess. I am full of contradictions. There are many ways in which I'm doing feminism wrong." — @rgay 
How hidden cameras are changing the game in the fight for human rights:  
The future of broadcast news may be in your hands: 
"What the drug cartels run is, quite literally, a franchise business." How they do it:  
Unforgettable cases for true crime buffs: 
"In private, women say more — a lot more — about their abortions than they do in public." 
"You can always find a shock of beauty and meaning in what life you have left."  @zenhospice
These thoughtful talks put a human face on the refugee crisis:  #refugeeswelcome
7 #TEDTalks with fascinating stories of true crime:  
"It’s time for us all, men and women alike, to move beyond the cardboard versions of real-life people."  @gaylelemmon
A fascinating, funny look at how birds fly in sync: 
"We each live in the shadow of a personal apocalypse." 
7 #TEDTalks celebrate the beauty of friendship: 
"The moment you admit to loving someone, you admit to having a lot to lose." — @LenMandy 
"When it comes to our inner life, we can trust the Dalai Lama as an expert whose guidance can benefit us all." 
17 teachers from around the world open up about the economics of their dream job: 
This new way to visualize knowledge is changing how we think about the world: 
Everyday cybercrime -- and what you can do about it: 
5 ways to build a beautiful city: 
Why sending every child to preschool will help boost the economy: 
"This is the thing that most of us really want from love: to be known, to be seen, to be understood." — @LenMandy 
"Almost everyone wants more from work than just a paycheck." 
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
The secret Internet you never see…and why you'll be on it soon: 
How to find work you love:  
What the Dalai Lama can teach us about living well:  
"When people have meaningful work, they work harder, smarter, and better." 
How to make a choice when you're faced with two equal options: 
Sex ed for adults in 7 #TEDTalks:  
"The only thing that limits us is our imagination." 
"Falling in love is not the same thing as staying in love. Falling in love is the easy part." — @LenMandy 
This brilliant a cappella performance is one of a kind: 
Why do startups succeed or fail? It all comes down to this: 
Unforgettable cases for true crime buffs: 
"My dream for people with autism is to remove the roadblocks that prevent them from succeeding." — @GenerousAlix 
"Women are driving the social media revolution." 
"The government knows far too much about what goes on behind closed doors." 
How this FBI strategy is actually creating US-based terrorists: 
"It’s time to change course and insist that all sides do more listening to the women who have had abortions." 
"We are the new editors. We decide what gets attention based on what we give our attention to." — @sallykohn 
The US government ignored civilians killed in the Iraq War. This artist made them face the truth:  @mattckenyon
"We should be working with nature, not trying to control it." The future of food, with @jamieoliver: 
"Segregation is a form of social engineering." - @RichBenjaminUSA 
Falling in love is the easy part:  @LenMandy 
8 #TEDTalks to help you understand race in America: 
5 ways to build a beautiful city: 
We added math to basketball and made it super nerdy. You're welcome! 
This is the kind of leadership the world wants: 
"What if there are things that even a good relationship can never provide?" 
9 ways to stay relaxed as you travel:  
This is what happens inside your body when you laugh: 
A travel writer shares his tips for flying without all the stress: 
Everything you think you know about addiction is wrong: 
How to watch a presidential debate:  @amyjccuddy
5 signs that math education is failing: 
Why do startups succeed or fail? It all comes down to this: 
Why gender equality is good for everyone — men included:  
This mind-bending new science might explain life's biggest questions: 
"Growing even some of our own food is one of the best things that we can do for the environment." 
"You don’t need to work for an organization that saves lives to find meaning and purpose in what you do." 
Why playing in the dirt might be great preventative medicine: 
How Humans of New York finds such moving, personal stories:  @humansofny
This nerdy approach to fighting crime is much more effective: 
"When I started talking about my abortion 15 years ago, I was told that my voice didn’t matter." 
The amazing story of the man who gave us modern pain relief: 
"We need to see the people who have lived through a particular experience as the expert on their issue." 
This computer lets you reach into the screen and grab pixels with your bare hands: 
Does paper beat plastic? How to rethink environmental folklore:  @LeylaAcaroglu
How to watch a presidential debate (or win it):  @amyjccuddy 
"There are mountains of sorrow that cannot move, and one way or another, we will all kneel there."  @zenhospice
"We can live well not in spite of death, but because of it. Let death be what takes us, not lack of imagination." 
This is what Amy Cuddy looks for during political debates: 
9 #TEDTalks about the importance of self-care:  
When was the last time you put your own self-care first? 
"Almost everyone wants more from work than just a paycheck." 
"When people have meaningful work, they work harder, smarter, and better." 
9 ways to practice self-care: 
3 TED Talks on the math, science and evolution of sports: 
"Satisfied workers are satisfied because they find what they do meaningful." 
The story we tell about poverty isn't true:  @miabirdsong 
How women can be fierce and feminine:  @gaylelemmon 
How tiny invisible microbes shape your life in ways you'd never expect: 
Incredible new science lets monkeys send thoughts straight into each other's brains: 
"You could have an insect-of-the-month calendar and not need to reuse a species for over 80,000 years." 
"Medical doctors are experts on the population, but you are the expert on yourself." 
The future of broadcast news may be in your hands: 
"As a black thinker and writer, I interpret and explain mainstream white America back to itself."  @RichBenjaminUSA
A harrowing story of life during the North Korean famine: 
"Art is our weapon. Culture is a form of resistance." 
"In all of human history, every time anyone has waged a war on science, science has won." — @djrothkopf  
"We are living at a moment in which the very fabric of human society is being rewoven." — @djrothkopf 
"If you have a cell phone, you have access to power that a superpower would have highly classified 10 years ago." 
How fear drives American politics:  @djrothkopf 
"People are more afraid of insects than they are of dying." 
An invitation to men who want a better world for women:  @e_nyamayaro #HeForShe
How technology is changing our relationships to each other: 
"We need to stop letting disease divorce us from our dreams." 
"We have no other option than to reclaim the message of human rights, the principles of our faith." 
"Studying the asteroids is like performing forensics on our solar system." 
What will sports look like in the future? How science and technology are changing the playing field: 
How technology is changing our relationships to each other: 
This journey was nearly 4 billion miles — and took 10 years: 
The extraordinary lessons one woman learned from her autistic brothers: 
"Almost 7 in 10 people who are released from prison will be rearrested in a constant cycle of incarceration." 
"The great problem for reform or transformation is the tyranny of common sense." 
"Arabic script touches your soul before it reaches your eyes. There is a beauty that you don't need to translate." 
A powerful story of what it means to be a true American: 
5 #TEDTalks for understanding the drug trade:  
What really happens to the plastic you throw away:  @TED_ED
"Why is it that raising our children is associated with so much anguish and confusion?" 
"Life is best when it's a bit strange." 
"Every time I fail to become more like my father, I become more like myself." 
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." 
"We're social animals, not rational animals. We emerge out of relationships." 
"Your rights matter because you never know when you're going to need them." — Edward Snowden 
Imagine a world where apartment buildings looked like this:  
"Correctly using computers is the silver bullet for making math education work." 
Short on time? Watch these #TEDTalks in 3 minutes or less: 
The nerd's guide to learning everything online:  @johngreen #DFTBA 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship:  
"We spend lots of time learning about calculation, but let's not forget about application."  #math
6 curious kids interview their moms about life and love:  
"To be a hero, you have to learn to be a deviant, because you're always going against the conformity of the group." 
How your brain is fooling you most of the time: 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
Why Amsterdam has the most badass city flag in the world:  
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
Have six minutes to spare? Plenty of time to learn 40 Chinese characters:  
The stunning life story of a transgender business icon who refused to take no for an answer: 
10 #TEDTalks for parents who are short on time but starved for intellectual stimulation:   
"Nobody in the world can succeed alone." 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
"Religious institutions are driven by male leadership, and they create policies in their likeness." 
"Facts are vulnerable to misuse." How critical thinking can help us make sense of big data: 
“Our bodies change our minds, and our minds can change our behavior, and our behavior can change our outcomes.” 
"The next time you're faced with something unexpected, unwanted and uncertain, consider that it just may be a gift." 
How your friends affect your health and happiness -- for better or for worse: 
"The harmful effects of stress on your health are not inevitable -- how you think can transform stress." 
"My parents raised me and my siblings in an armor of advice, so that we could be kids, not casket or concrete."  
"There is really mathematical evidence to say that you should never let the sun go down on your anger." 
Why do startups succeed or fail? It all comes down to this: 
"Our role as leaders is to set the stage, not perform on it." 
How to buy happiness (for real): 
How to buy happiness: 
A stunning dance performance by a living legend:  
"If a little boy leads, there's no negative word for it; it's expected. But if a little girl leads, she's bossy." 
This tennis icon paved the way for women in sports:  @BillieJeanKing 
"Your stress response has a built-in mechanism for stress resilience, and that mechanism is human connection." 
"Passion is your greatest love. Passion will help you create the highest expression of your talent." 
Stunning photos show the power of water and how it shapes our world:  
By age two, this prodigy's musical ear had already outstripped that of most adults: 
"In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever to remember that life is brief and tender." 
4 simple tips to help you achieve big goals:  
Can you spot a fake laugh? You might be surprised: 
5 #TEDTalks to inspire you to get a good night's sleep:  
How to recover when you feel rejected or lonely: 
This super-thin 3-inch disk can levitate something 70,000 times its own weight. Here's how:  
How this 15-year-old kid designed the perfect bow:  
"Our evolved sexuality is in direct conflict with many aspects of the modern world." 
"Student questions are the seeds of real learning." Why curiosity is essential to education: 
How cults hook people in with easy answers to complex questions: 
"Once upon a time, my voice was stolen from me, and feminism helped me to get my voice back." — @rgay 
I am the son of a terrorist. Here's how I chose peace:  @ZakEbrahim
“Empathy is more powerful than hate, and our lives should be dedicated to making it go viral.”  @ZakEbrahim
“Even people raised on hate can make a choice about who they want to be.”  @ZakEbrahim
How we can break the cycle of violence -- and stop young people from joining terrorist groups: 
The link between unemployment and terrorism: 
We hear it's football season? 3 super nerdy TED Talks about sports:  
3 TED Talks to end the silence around suicide:  #WorldSuicidePreventionDay 
What really matters at the end of life:  @zenhospice 
7 #TEDTalks celebrate the beauty of friendship: 
"We have to change the way we view and prevent infectious diseases." — @GaviSeth 
The future of broadcast news may be in your hands: 
Why former President Jimmy Carter believes the mistreatment of women is the number one human rights abuse: 
"With increased wealth and profits has to come greater corporate social responsibility." - Paul Tudor Jones II 
"Art can remake one's identity and transform preconceptions." 
Great science fiction writers don't just imagine the future, they shape it: 
Have you ever taken pain relief meds? You have this guy to thank for them: 
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
Easy ways to figure out what's fact and fiction on the Internet: 
The surprising thing that robots can't do yet: 
10 surprisingly viral #TEDTalks: 
5 ways to build a beautiful city: 
Future tech might take pictures of what you're thinking:  @mljmljmlj
"How is it that we allow the majority of people on the planet to do work that is meaningless and soul-deadening?" 
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." 
How Google search results skew your worldview: 
"This, for me, is one of the very best images of space science I have ever seen."  
"Empower everybody to use their judgment, their intelligence." 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
How to make a choice when you're faced with two equal options: 
How to find creative inspiration all around you: 
How money makes you mean: 
How the new super-rich are taking over the world: 
"No matter your position or place in life, it is imperative to create opportunities for children." 
What ants can teach us about the brain, cancer and the Internet: 
Helpful advice for anyone who wants to get promoted: 
What's the most satisfying job in the world? You'd be surprised.  
Why Malala Yousafzai's father champions her formal education — a great talk to watch on #InternationalLiteracyDay: 
This is what happens when you get heat stroke:  via @TED_ED
"Human trafficking survivors don't need saving. They need solidarity." 
"We have made remarkable progress in the last hundred years, but if we want to continue, our future is in space." 
"We need to build a future underwater city. Or better yet, a network of them around the world." 
A fascinating visual history of human knowledge:   @mslima
The way we think about work is broken:  @BarrySch 
Mars might hold the secret to the origin of life: 
How technology is changing our relationships to each other: 
This new video technology reveals an object's hidden properties, with mindblowing implications: 
"Structural racism is baked into America’s national psyche and behavior."  @RichBenjaminUSA
Meet the children who are living in refugee camps: 
This art snaps to attention as soon as you enter the room: 
How open data is being used to do extraordinary things, beyond what we could have imagined: 
"70% of fathers and 65% of mothers exhibit a preference for at least one child." The impact of sibling favoritism: 
"Empower everybody to use their judgment, their intelligence." 
"Transformative leaders serve a transcendent purpose, pointing the way to a new reality." 
8 #TEDTalks about life as a refugee: 
7 fantastic flags that break every design rule:  @romanmars 
Why market forces should have nothing to do with vaccine development:  @GaviSeth
Why you should be more skeptical of headlines about the brain: 

"When it comes to our inner life, we can trust the Dalai Lama as an expert whose guidance can benefit us all." 
17 teachers from around the world open up about the economics of their dream job: 
What one woman learned on a cross-country journey listening to people's stories:  @StoryCorps 
7 #TEDTalks to watch when it's too hot to function: 
This artist is making a powerful statement about the world's future: 
"Life is best when it's a bit strange." 
Easy ways to figure out what's fact and fiction on the Internet: 
This new way to visualize knowledge is changing how we think about the world: 
5 ways to build a beautiful city: 
How to make a choice when you're faced with two equal options: 
This is why it's so important that everyone gets vaccinated: 
Everyday cybercrime -- and what you can do about it: 
"Art cannot change the future, but it can touch the present." 
Why we need to build our own tsunami:  
The secret Internet you never see…and why you'll be on it soon: 
It's exceptionally hard to study tsunamis... so these scientists are creating one: 
Why sending every child to preschool will help boost the economy: 
When to take a stand... and when to let it go: 
These 13 #TEDTalks are bite-sized: 
6 #TEDTalks on how (and why) to forgive:  
12 #TEDTalks for when you wish you could go back to college:  
We added math to basketball and made it super nerdy. You're welcome! 
This is the kind of leadership the world wants: 
How the new super-rich are taking over the world: 
12 #TEDTalks by living legends:  
Want to recharge your creative spirits? Try this: 
This brilliant a cappella performance is one of a kind: 
Why we should combine art and science: 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
Why preschool for all is good for the economy: 
"I wouldn't trade my autism and my imagination for the world." 
How great designers focus on all five senses: 
This man revolutionized finance... with complex math: 
"We are one of the loneliest societies that has ever been." - @johannhari101 
What genetic engineering and organic farming have in common: 
Short on time? Watch these #TEDTalks in 3 minutes or less: 
The unbelievable true story of the highest free fall in history: 
What the Dalai Lama can teach us about living well:  
What the Dalai Lama can teach us about solving the world's problems: 
How to avoid surveillance… with the phone in your pocket:  @csoghoian
40 travel tips to make the most of your vacation:  
"Monogamy used to be one person for life. Today, monogamy is one person at a time." 
This DIY neuroscience kit puts research in the hands of kids: 
Sex ed for adults in 7 #TEDTalks:  
11 TED Talks by people with jobs you never knew existed:  
The spooky science behind quantum biology: 
A travel writer shares his tips for flying without all the stress: 
9 ways to stay relaxed as you travel:  
These thoughtful talks put a human face on the refugee crisis:  #refugeeswelcome
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
Everything you think you know about addiction is wrong: 
What this everyday task reveals about how you solve problems: 
This mind-bending new science might explain life's biggest questions: 
"Happiness is not something we find; it's something we make." 
"The only thing that limits us is our imagination." 
This performance will change the way you think about sex work:  @jonesarah
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
"We have got to show our sons a new definition of manhood." 
This is why diets can be so frustrating: 
I leapt from the stratosphere. Here's how I did it:  
"What if there are things that even a good relationship can never provide?" 
This is what happens inside your body when you laugh: 
How a Photoshop wizard creates impossible photos:  
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
10 math talks to blow your mind:  
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
This is the terrible price of shame: 
"We focus on the pursuit of happiness as though it's an object we have to go out and get." 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
We need to start a new conversation about infidelity: 
How much money teachers earn around the world: 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
Why do startups succeed or fail? It all comes down to this: 
"Money is the most successful story ever invented by humans, because it is the only story everybody believes." 
How quantum biology might explain life’s biggest questions:  
How to train your dog, the dog-friendly way: 
"The time has come to stop raising animals industrially and stop eating them thoughtlessly." 
"A child who has not been read to is in danger when they get to school." 
A rare interview with the mathematician who cracked Wall Street:  
"There has to be political noise and political costs in response to massive crimes against humanity." 
"Everything we blog, everything we tweet, and everything we click is a public act of making media." 
This trip was nearly 4 billion miles — and took 10 years: 
"I remain a very strong believer that women's rights and religion are not mutually exclusive." 
"Sweeping emotions under the rug of PMS keeps women from understanding the source of their negative emotions." 
"Art is our weapon. Culture is a form of resistance." 
INFOGRAPHIC: The shocking reality of violence against women 
"Insects make us question what's normal and what's natural." 
"Communities don’t emerge magically from a womb; they are built." - @RichBenjaminUSA 
"If you don't see the struggle that is unique to my human experience because I am gay, you don't see me." @ashbeckham 
"I'm a mess. I am full of contradictions. There are many ways in which I'm doing feminism wrong." — @rgay 
A warrior's cry against child marriage: 
"Education allows refugee children to think of their future. Of hope, rather than hatred." 
How a fierce and loving principal turned her high school around: 
A critical look at our culture's narrow definition of beauty: 
"If we truly listen to one another, we will hear things that demand that we shift our own perceptions." — @AspenBaker 
Could we rebuild the ancient temples destroyed by ISIS? How 3D laser scanning offers hope:  #Palmyra
Share this with those people who leave the bathroom without washing their hands: 
Communicate more effectively by spotting these speech patterns: 
This is what your brain was doing while you were sleeping: 
How the mysterious dark net is going mainstream:  @jamiejbartlett 
"We cannot understand groups like ISIS, let alone defeat them, if we don't have the full picture."  @benedettabertiw
The extraordinary lessons one woman learned from her autistic brothers: 
"The victim of an affair is not always the victim of the marriage." — @EstherPerel 
Could we actually live on Mars? Find out:  via @TED_ED
How tiny invisible microbes shape your life in ways you'd never expect: 
Meet the children who are living in refugee camps: 
"Clouds are the most egalitarian of nature's displays, because we all have a fantastic view of the sky." 
"I remain a very strong believer that women's rights and religion are not mutually exclusive." 
"It’s time for us all, men and women alike, to move beyond the cardboard versions of real-life people."  @gaylelemmon
"Segregation is a form of social engineering." - @RichBenjaminUSA 
Mars might hold the secret to the origin of life: 
"Emergency room doctors are trained to make decisions quickly, but not always accurately." 
The US government ignored civilians killed in the Iraq War. This artist made them face the truth:  @mattckenyon
A thrilling look at the first 21 days of a bee’s life: 
"We should be working with nature, not trying to control it." The future of food, with @jamieoliver: 
"#HeForShe is based on a simple idea: that what we share is much more powerful than what divides us." — @e_nyamayaro 
"It is not our gender that defines us, but ultimately, our shared humanity." — @e_nyamayaro  #HeForShe
How should we tell women’s stories in the news? Ask women to tell them: 
"We need to communicate online with compassion, consume news with compassion, and click with compassion." 
An invitation to men who want a better world for women:  @e_nyamayaro #HeForShe 
"You could have an insect-of-the-month calendar and not need to reuse a species for over 80,000 years." 
"We are the new editors. We decide what gets attention based on what we give our attention to." — @sallykohn 
A better way to talk about abortion:  @AspenBaker @ExhaleProVoice
"We happen to be expressive all the time, even when we're sitting in front of our devices alone." - @kaliouby 
"Poetry sews up the wounds of exclusion. It opens doors." 
"Every time we feel that we are on the brink of peace, the conflict explodes again." How to stop mass violence: 
This art snaps to attention as soon as you enter the room: 
"Misbehave more beautifully, more often." A choreographer's creative process in real time: 
If you could erase bad memories, would you do it? The science of memory manipulation: 
8 tips for (mostly) seamless virtual collaboration:  
"In the workplace, real equality means valuing family just as much as work." 
What do we do when antibiotics don’t work any more? 
What @FCousteau learned from living underwater for 31 days:  
"We stand today on the threshold of the post-antibiotic era, when simple infections will kill people once again." 
"Even when structural racism is acknowledged, its ambiguity and enormity frighten us out of action." @RichBenjaminUSA 
Refugees spend an average of 17 years in exile. Stories of lives in limbo:  
“You shouldn’t always listen to people who tell you it won’t work.” @bertrandpiccard on his solar-powered plane: 
"Structural racism is baked into America’s national psyche and behavior." - @RichBenjaminUSA 
7 fantastic flags that break every design rule:  @romanmars 
This new telescope might show us the beginning of the universe:  
The coming crisis in antibiotics -- and what we can do about it: 
"What does it say about our culture that somehow we are surprised by a woman being fierce and feminine?" 
Why are so many powerful women afraid to call themselves feminists? 
The art of asking for what you want -- even when it's scary:  @amandapalmer
"The best time to work on your marriage is before you have one." 
"Once I had an affair with calculus that lasted longer than some celebrity marriages." 
"In an age of constant movement, nothing is so urgent as sitting still." 
"The crisis of desire is often a crisis of the imagination." 
"There are many ways that we betray our partner: with contempt, with neglect, with indifference, with violence." 
"Don't stand by the sidelines when you see someone getting hurt. If someone is being abused online, do something." 
Scientists may have found the fountain of youth. It's way more disturbing than you think: 
This solar-powered plane can fly for 118 hours:  
"Affairs in the digital age are death by a thousand cuts." — @EstherPerel  
Human trafficking is all around you. This is how it works: 
"As a product designer, I try to see the world the way it really is, not the way we think it is." 
Writer @Andrew_Solomon takes you to the darkest corners of his mind during the years he battled depression: 
Depression, the secret we share:  @Andrew_Solomon
6 #TEDTalks to watch when the Internet is making you mad:  
How to make work-life balance work: 
Want a more productive team? Stop measuring productivity: 
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
"We need to radically rethink our view of intelligence." How schools kill creativity: 
How to hack online dating: 
This is what makes us suffer at work: 
"Work is not just something I do when I'd rather be doing something else." 
"Correctly using computers is the silver bullet for making math education work." 
Great designers are really good at this seemingly simple skill: 
Why we need to build a world that works for introverts too:  
"We stigmatize mistakes, and the result is that we are educating people out of their creative capacities." 
The amazing science of lab-grown organs:  
How to find creative inspiration all around you: 
How childhood trauma affects health across a lifetime: 
Why we need to talk about depression: 
Why rules are making you miserable at work: 
The unrecognized health crisis that affects all of us:  
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
What we still don't know about male anatomy: 
If you have ever suffered from depression, or known someone who has, this is a must watch: 
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
3 ways to hack your love life...with math! 
"We pay more attention to knowing who to blame in case we fail than to creating the conditions to succeed." 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
How do you find stillness in the chaos of daily life? 6 TED speakers share their strategies: 
Having a quarter-life crisis? These talks will get you through: 
"We have sold ourselves into a fast food model of education, and it's impoverishing our spirit." 
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
"Student questions are the seeds of real learning." Why curiosity is essential to education: 
Simple ways to raise kids who are creative, confident, and in control of the world around them: 
"Education is what people do to you, and learning is what you do to yourself." 
How this 15-year-old kid designed the perfect bow:  
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
How too many rules at work keep you from getting things done: 
6 ideas from creative thinkers to shake up your work routine: 
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
How we can predict the next financial crisis: 
How to help refugees rebuild their world:  @melissarfleming
11 TED Talks to get you through your quarterlife crisis:  
"Creativity is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status." 
5 #TEDTalks about the genius of babies:  
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you have no idea what's going on in the world:  
These psychedelic sculptures will transport you to new worlds:  
The brain-twisting challenge of quantum computing:  
Stunning sculptures by a wildly inventive artist:  
This mind-bending new science might explain life's biggest questions: 
How quantum computing works — and why it could change everything: 
How much money teachers earn around the world: 
Can a black man talk about white culture? An open letter to critics:  @RichBenjaminUSA 
An argument about the death penalty that everyone can agree on: 
Why aren't we investing more in vaccine development?  @GaviSeth
Why we aren't making vaccines for the world's killer diseases:  @GaviSeth
These robots come to the rescue after a disaster:  
Does the media have a responsibility to give you what you need or what you want? 
"These days, the hunt is on for people's shameful secrets." — @jonronson 
Why do we cry? The three types of tears:  via @TED_ED
Why the military should loosen its grip on classified information: 
This computer lets you reach into the screen and grab pixels with your bare hands: 
A harrowing story of life during the North Korean famine: 
Why it's so hard to translate jokes and puns -- and how great translators do it: 
"Being interviewed could mean so much to people, particularly those who had been told their stories didn't matter." 
"Medical doctors are experts on the population, but you are the expert on yourself." 
How we can make growing old a more enjoyable experience: 
How a fierce and loving principal turned her high school around: 
How online shaming destroys lives:  @jonronson
More women have died of heart disease than men in the past decades. Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
How we can design with the blind in mind: 
"Insects have complicated behavior, but they lack complicated brains." 
What if you could tell the time by how your watch smelled? How to design for all 5 senses: 
How to go to space, without having to go to space:  
"We have an oversimplified and increasingly outmoded view of the biological basis of psychiatric disorders." 
Worried about smart machines taking over the world? Here's what we need to think about first: 
The art of asking for what you want -- even when it's scary:  @amandapalmer
Do you like curly fries? What Facebook can learn about you from that simple question:  
Easy ways to figure out what's fact and fiction on the Internet: 
"General Tso never saw a stalk of broccoli in his life." The odd story of Americanized Chinese food: 
Would you put your DNA into a vending machine?  
When your boss tells you to stop chatting and get to work, show them this talk: 
Everyday cybercrime -- and what you can do about it: 
This talk is for font nerds: 
3 ways to create more out of less: 
"There are invisible problems all around us -- ones we can solve. But first we need to see them." 
Does paper beat plastic? How to rethink environmental folklore:  @LeylaAcaroglu
5 #TEDTalks about the genius of babies:  
"You are not a mistake. You are not a deficit. You are not something to be eradicated or rendered obsolete." 
The inspiration you need to slow down and find stillness: 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
This mind-bending new science might explain life’s biggest questions:  @jimalkhalili
"We have to change the way we view and prevent infectious diseases." — @GaviSeth 
Why market forces should have nothing to do with vaccine development:  @GaviSeth
Future tech might take pictures of what you're thinking:  @mljmljmlj
17 teachers from around the world open up about the economics of their dream job: 
How much money teachers earn around the world: 
7 stunning performances that will make you want to dance:  
The troubling reason why vaccines are made too late... if they’re made at all:  @GaviSeth 
Why former President Jimmy Carter believes the mistreatment of women is the number one human rights abuse: 
How the teddy bear came to be, and why that strange story matters so much now: 
How I learned to communicate my inner life with Asperger's:  @GenerousAlix
How to make a choice when you're faced with two equal options: 
This might begin to explain why Scots get sick more than Australians: 
The forgotten history of autism that we need to remember now: 
What you can learn from people who do more with less: 
3 mind-bending ways quantum biology might explain everything:  @jimalkhalili
7 #TEDTalks to remind you that life goes on:  
5 #TEDTalks to watch when you want to let go of regret:  
"The time has come to stop raising animals industrially and stop eating them thoughtlessly." 
Helpful advice for anyone who wants to get promoted: 
How quantum biology might explain life’s biggest questions:  
"We need to stop letting disease divorce us from our dreams." 
"We have made remarkable progress in the last hundred years, but if we want to continue, our future is in space." 
The extraordinary lessons one woman learned from her autistic brothers: 
"Sweeping emotions under the rug of PMS keeps women from understanding the source of their negative emotions." 
Incredible new science lets monkeys send thoughts straight into each other's brains: 
How technology is changing our relationships to each other: 
"We each live in the shadow of a personal apocalypse." 
"Sweeping emotions under the rug of PMS keeps women from understanding the source of their negative emotions." 
Unforgettable cases for true crime buffs: 
This nerdy approach to fighting crime is much more effective: 
This is what happens when you get heat stroke:  via @TED_ED
Mars might hold the secret to the origin of life: 
"The most important innovation in medicine is the power of the human hand—to touch, to comfort, to diagnose." 
"The government knows far too much about what goes on behind closed doors." 
This new video technology reveals an object's hidden properties, with mindblowing implications: 
The future of broadcast news may be in your hands: 
7 #TEDTalks celebrate the beauty of friendship: 
"Arabic script touches your soul before it reaches your eyes. There is a beauty that you don't need to translate." 
A fascinating visual history of human knowledge:   @mslima
"Women are driving the social media revolution." 
"If you are going to be an ally, I need you to see me." - @ashbeckham 
More women have died of heart disease than men in the past decades. Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
How open data is being used to do extraordinary things, beyond what we could have imagined: 
"Life is best when it's a bit strange." 
"The great problem for reform or transformation is the tyranny of common sense." 
"We need sustainable harmony, not sustainable growth." 
"All the major threats facing us today are problems entirely of our own making." 
"Real inspiration and growth only comes from stepping out into the unknown." 
How young blood might help reverse aging. Yes, really. 
4 #TEDTalks on overcoming depression:  
"Correctly using computers is the silver bullet for making math education work." 
10 #TEDTalks by women that everyone should watch: 
6 #TEDTalks to watch when the Internet is making you mad:  
11 #TEDTalks by speakers with dream jobs:  
"This, for me, is one of the very best images of space science I have ever seen."  
Great science fiction writers don't just imagine the future, they shape it: 
"The science is clear; early adversity dramatically affects health across a lifetime." 
The amazing science of lab-grown organs:  
Should we donate money directly to the poor? A convincing case that yes, we should: 
5 #TEDTalks on the weird science of love:   
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
How money makes you mean: 
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
6 studies on how money affects the mind: 
Is math discovered or invented? A thought-provoking answer from @TED_ED: 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
"When people pursue money too avidly, they forget about the basic pleasures of life."  
10 math talks to blow your mind:  
"Monogamy used to be one person for life. Today, monogamy is one person at a time." 
"64-year-old men and women are running as fast as they were at age 19." 
10 surprising facts about infidelity:  
We need to start a new conversation about infidelity: 
Why do happy couples cheat? 
"It's never been easier to cheat, and it's never been more difficult to keep a secret." 
A bold new way to fund drug research that could save millions of lives: 
"Stereotypes are holding women back from leadership roles all over the world." A Q&amp;A with Sheryl Sandberg: 
"People are actually really open to changing things if they're given the chance to talk about them." 
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." 
Why peeing on a jellyfish sting is actually a bad idea, via @TED_ED: 
A journey through the mind of an artist:  
We might have found the fountain of youth... but there's a serious catch: 
"Our moral integrity is our responsibility, and we must be prepared to defend it, even if it's not convenient." 
5 ways to build a beautiful city: 
How Google search results skew your worldview: 
If you could erase bad memories, would you do it? The science of memory manipulation: 
How women can be fierce and feminine:  @gaylelemmon 
When to take a stand... and when to let it go: 
"We have no other option than to reclaim the message of human rights, the principles of our faith." 
Want to recharge your creative spirits? Try this: 
How the new super-rich are taking over the world: 
Have you ever taken pain relief meds? You have this guy to thank for them: 
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
This brilliant a cappella performance is one of a kind: 
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
What is so special about the human brain? 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
This is what happens when two fireflies have sex: 
What genetic engineering and organic farming have in common: 
"We have got to show our sons a new definition of manhood." 
How tech companies have your back against government surveillance:  @csoghoian
"We are one of the loneliest societies that has ever been." - @johannhari101 
"The world I believe in is one where we're measured by our ability to overcome adversities, not avoid them." 
A brief history of phone wiretapping — and how to avoid it:  @csoghoian 
"Every language is just a group of people who agree to understand each other." 
4 creative mistakes that led to major inventions: 
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
"We focus on the pursuit of happiness as though it's an object we have to go out and get." 
What ants can teach us about the brain, cancer and the Internet: 
How we sabotage our own success: 
"Nobody in the world can succeed alone." 
How to manage the emotional roller coaster of creativity: 
"Facts are vulnerable to misuse." How critical thinking can help us make sense of big data: 
"Discover what it is that gives you pain, and then refuse to inflict that pain on anybody else." 
"Passion is your greatest love. Passion will help you create the highest expression of your talent." 
"Money is the most successful story ever invented by humans, because it is the only story everybody believes." 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
12 TED Talks by photographers who use their art to help fight for social justice:  #WorldPhotographyDay
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
A simple way to end traffic jams -- for good: 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
How young blood might help reverse aging. Yes, really.  
"We have to let machines evolve and learn like children." How this strange robot taught itself to walk: 
Why exciting new medical technology should never replace the physical exam: 
The amazing story of the man who gave us modern pain relief: 
A powerful poem about what it feels like to be transgender: 
A warrior's cry against child marriage: 
A fascinating look at a culture where funerals are a raucous, public affair: 
"Satellites are like the canoes our ancestors first pushed out into the water." 
"If you don't see the struggle that is unique to my human experience because I am gay, you don't see me." @ashbeckham 
"Arabic script touches your soul before it reaches your eyes. There is a beauty that you don't need to translate." 
"The government knows far too much about what goes on behind closed doors." 
A fascinating, funny look at how birds fly in sync: 
"Empower everybody to use their judgment, their intelligence." 
"I wouldn't trade my autism and my imagination for the world." 
How we can design with the blind in mind: 
This new way to visualize knowledge is changing how we think about the world: 
A fascinating visual history of human knowledge:   @mslima 
"70% of fathers and 65% of mothers exhibit a preference for at least one child." The impact of sibling favoritism: 
"Life is best when it's a bit strange." 
Beautiful proof that poetry can change the lives of prisoners: 
40 travel tips to make the most of your vacation:  
The brain-twisting challenge of quantum computing:  
"Why is it that raising our children is associated with so much anguish and confusion?" 
"In the workplace, real equality means valuing family just as much as work." 
"The great problem for reform or transformation is the tyranny of common sense." 
The good news on poverty (yes, there's good news): 
"Science is based on the collective wisdom of all of the scientists who have worked on a particular problem." 
"In the workplace, real equality means valuing family just as much as work." 
Why Jane Goodall still has hope that we can save the planet: 
Do we always need to have a choice? How that desire goes haywire: 
How open data is being used to do extraordinary things, beyond what we could have imagined: 
"We have got to show our sons a new definition of manhood." 
Why we need to end the War on Drugs: 
"Bias is not an accusation. It's something that has to be identified, acknowledged and mitigated against." 
"We're social animals, not rational animals. We emerge out of relationships." 
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." 
"My dream for people with autism is to remove the roadblocks that prevent them from succeeding." — @GenerousAlix 
How I learned to communicate my inner life with Asperger's:  @GenerousAlix 
"Why some drugs are legal and others aren't has almost nothing to do w/ safety &amp; everything to do w/ who uses them." 
How to make a choice when you're faced with two equal options: 
"I'm asking you to be color brave, so that every child knows that their dreams are possible." 
What really happens to the plastic you throw away:  @TED_ED
10 surprisingly viral #TEDTalks: 
"I love my students, and I believe in their possibilities unconditionally." 
"Affairs are an act of betrayal. They are also an expression of longing and loss." 
Why your worst deeds don't define you: 
"There are invisible problems all around us -- ones we can solve. But first we need to see them." 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
We added math to basketball and made it super nerdy. You're welcome! 
"We have no other option than to reclaim the message of human rights, the principles of our faith." 
"There are parts of Canada where dinosaur skeletons are just lying around." 
Could the sun be good for your heart? 
"What if there are things that even a good relationship can never provide?" 
"We make very poor use of our talents. Many people go through their lives with no real sense of their talents." 
"Religious institutions are driven by male leadership, and they create policies in their likeness." 
Can a test measure the power of your imagination? 
"People are not where they live, where they sleep, or what their life situation is at any given time." 
How do you find stillness in the chaos of daily life? 6 TED speakers share their strategies: 
Pluto is the farthest planet we've ever reached. But why stop there? 
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
This monkey can send a thought straight to another monkey's brain. Seriously. 
Short on time? Watch these #TEDTalks in 3 minutes or less: 
"Happiness is not something we find; it's something we make." 
This performance will change the way you think about sex work:  @jonesarah
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
Everything you think you know about addiction is wrong: 
"A child who has not been read to is in danger when they get to school." 
Powerful and practical advice for those who hope to change the world: 
How to train your dog, the dog-friendly way: 
This is what happens inside your body when you laugh: 
Helpful advice for anyone who wants to get promoted: 
"Even at its best, dieting is a waste of time and energy." 
This is why diets can be so frustrating: 
How to buy happiness (for real): 
How your friends affect your health and happiness -- for better or for worse: 
Feel tired all the time? The surprising sleep cycle your body really wants: 
The stunning life story of a transgender business icon who refused to take no for an answer: 
"My parents raised me and my siblings in an armor of advice, so that we could be kids, not casket or concrete."  
Why do startups succeed or fail? It all comes down to this: 
"The harmful effects of stress on your health are not inevitable -- how you think can transform stress." 
This is what your brain was doing while you were sleeping: 
Communicate more effectively by spotting these speech patterns: 
9 clever questions to start a better conversation: 
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
Will the next generation of basketball coaches be computers? 
"It is time to celebrate all the unsung heroines who find the heart and the grit to test every limit." 
Why you should be careful when you exercise outside in the heat, via @TED_ED: 
Why you should be more skeptical of headlines about the brain: 

"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
Easy ways to figure out what's fact and fiction on the Internet: 
The surprising thing that robots can't do yet: 
Could we cure HIV with lasers?  
Now you can create your own cyborg cockroach:  
This is why it's so important that everyone gets vaccinated: 
Everyday cybercrime -- and what you can do about it: 
When to take a stand... and when to let it go: 
Why we need to build a world that works for introverts too:  
Does paper beat plastic? How to rethink environmental folklore:  @LeylaAcaroglu
These 13 #TEDTalks are bite-sized: 
How great designers focus on all five senses: 
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
12 #TEDTalks by living legends:  
A simple way to fight clickbait: 
13 #TEDTalks you can watch in 3 minutes: 
These 12 iconic speakers have redefined their fields: 
How quantum computing works — and why it could change everything: 
What this everyday task reveals about how you solve problems: 
"No matter your position or place in life, it is imperative to create opportunities for children." 
"Beauty doesn't equate to goodness, and it certainly doesn't equate to contentment." 
Why are some people left-handed? @TED_ED explains:  #lefthandersday
How I snuck a memorial for Iraqi civilians into the US government:  @mattckenyon 
How @instagram is revolutionizing architecture -- and giving you control of how your neighborhood looks: 
"Much is to be gained by eBooks, but something is definitely lost: a sensual experience, a little bit of humanity." 
How a blind man uses echolocation to see the world with his ears: 
This art snaps to attention as soon as you enter the room: 
A provocative talk with a bold call to end the War on Drugs, from drug policy reformist @ethannadelmann: 
A powerful story of what it means to be a true American: 
Meet the type designer who created Verdana, Georgia and Bell Centennial: 
"We cannot understand groups like ISIS, let alone defeat them, if we don't have the full picture."  @benedettabertiw
How one tweet can ruin your life:  @jonronson
How Humans of New York finds such moving, personal stories:  @humansofny
Why playing in the dirt might be great preventative medicine: 
"The reality is, hackers can do a lot more than break things. They can bring people together." 
"People are more afraid of insects than they are of dying." 
"With increased wealth and profits has to come greater corporate social responsibility." - Paul Tudor Jones II 
"Our prosperity is no longer prosperity as long as it is pinned to other people's pain." 
How tiny invisible microbes shape your life in ways you'd never expect: 
How we can make growing old a more enjoyable experience: 
Parasites are so much cooler than you think: 
What are schools like in North Korea? Hear one teacher's story: 
Meet the children who are living in refugee camps: 
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
"The time has come to stop raising animals industrially and stop eating them thoughtlessly." 
"No matter your position or place in life, it is imperative to create opportunities for children." 
The extraordinary story of a minister with a radical way to end youth violence: 
Why does the universe exist? Well, if you really want to know: 
8 tips for (mostly) seamless virtual collaboration:  
Can we heal a criminal mind? How psychopaths might be able to develop a moral compass: 
"Armed groups like ISIS build stronger bonds with the population by investing in social services." — @benedettabertiw 
These powerful photos expose the reality of inequality and harmful environmental toxins: 
My road trip through the whitest towns in America:  @RichBenjaminUSA 
The forgotten history of autism that we need to remember now: 
5 #TEDTalks full of weird facts about sex:  
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
7 young inventors who are changing how we stay healthy:  
How the new super-rich are taking over the world: 
"All the time, we find animals doing things that, in our arrogance, we thought was just human." 
Ever heard someone defend traditional sex roles as "natural"? Here's what you can say to that: 
5 #TEDTalks to watch when you want to let go of regret:  
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
What can your language express that no other language can? 
This might begin to explain why Scots get sick more than Australians: 
How to recover when you feel rejected or lonely: 
How a single word can change your conversation: 
How to not be bitten by a shark: 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
Is it better to use paper or plastic? The truth about common environmental myths: 
3 #TEDTalks to watch when you have a big decision to make:  
The surprising way groups like ISIS stay in power:  @benedettabertiw 
How we can painlessly generate vast quantities of new bone: 
8 #TEDTalks to help you understand race in America: 
"Studying the asteroids is like performing forensics on our solar system." 
Why former President Jimmy Carter believes the mistreatment of women is the number one human rights abuse: 
"Through reclamation of our narrative, we will continue to fight historic erasure and socioeconomic inequality." 
Share this with those people who leave the bathroom without washing their hands: 
“There’s a very personal price to public humiliation, and the growth of the Internet has jacked up that price.” 
"We will venture into outer space, and we will start inhabiting it. I have no doubt about it." 
“Think of the US's drug war not as a rational policy, but as the international projection of a domestic psychosis.” 
INFOGRAPHIC: The shocking reality of violence against women 
An extraordinary story of attempted murder, forgiveness and redemption: 
Can you guess someone's political party based on their name? Try these fun psych quizzes: 
Someday soon, your bag of chips could spy on you: 
Robots that slither, climb, and crawl...and train for the World Cup:  
"Aging is the upward ascension of the human spirit, bringing us into wisdom, wholeness and authenticity." 
This astonishing new microscope could turn everyday objects into microphones -- and much, much more: 
"The design of a street can tell you everything about what's expected on it." How we made New York City safer: 
"Older people can view injustice with compassion, but not despair." 
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
"Singing, for me, is sweet relief. It is the only time when I feel fluent." On singing through a stutter: 
"Prison now stands firmly between the young people trying to make it and the fulfillment of the American dream." 
"We've been fishing the seas like we clear-cut forests. It's hard to overstate the destruction." 
"I hope that I can break stereotypes we all know with the beauty of Arabic script." — @elseedart 
The microbes on your skin are almost as unique as your fingerprints. Here's what they say about you: 
"Art can remake one's identity and transform preconceptions." 
"Once upon a time, my voice was stolen from me, and feminism helped me to get my voice back." — @rgay 
"Everything at some point comes from nature. It's how you use the material that dictates the environmental impact." 
"Poetry and grace can be found in the words of people all around us when we simply take the time to listen." 
It's better to rip the BandAid, and other beliefs that we actually have backward: 
7 #TEDTalks to remind you that life goes on:  
Physical therapy is boring. This video game makes it way more fun: 
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
“6 years ago, I returned to America and realized the American dream was thriving, but only in India.”  @AnandWrites
How we can make games like World of Warcraft to solve real-world problems: 
"Our democracy is a people's democracy. It can be as great as people can be, and as fallible as people are." 
"We should be working with nature, not trying to control it." The future of food, with @jamieoliver: 
This journey was nearly 4 billion miles — and took 10 years: 
"Growing even some of our own food is one of the best things that we can do for the environment." 
7 #TEDTalks with fascinating stories of true crime:  
Sugar pills, injections of nothing — they often really work: 
"If we truly listen to one another, we will hear things that demand that we shift our own perceptions." — @AspenBaker 
"People want to be allowed to be virtuous. They want to have permission to do the right thing." 
A critical look at our culture's narrow definition of beauty: 
Is Twitter the new radio? How real-time storytelling in the digital world is changing fiction: 
What if it doesn't rain? How satellite technology helps African farmers insure against drought: 
How online "filter bubbles" warp your view of the world: 
The hidden, powerful structure behind Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech: 
"I remain a very strong believer that women's rights and religion are not mutually exclusive." 
"You could have an insect-of-the-month calendar and not need to reuse a species for over 80,000 years." 
"We each live in the shadow of a personal apocalypse." 
"We have to let machines evolve and learn like children." How this strange robot taught itself to walk: 
“There’s a very personal price to public humiliation, and the growth of the Internet has jacked up that price.” 
"We have to let machines evolve and learn like children." How this strange robot taught itself to walk: 
"Separate genders are a constructed fiction. The reality is a gender fluidity that crosses the entire continuum." 
"Clouds are the most egalitarian of nature's displays, because we all have a fantastic view of the sky." 
"Thousands of people work full and part-time jobs, and live in their cars." A personal story of homelessness: 
Tiny satellites show us the Earth as it changes in near-real-time:  @planetlabs 
Can you guess someone's political party based on their name? Try these fun psych quizzes: 
How a fierce and loving principal turned her high school around: 
"Studying the asteroids is like performing forensics on our solar system." 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
A thrilling look at the first 21 days of a bee’s life: 
A shocking, personal look at the dangers asylum seekers face:  
"I started out with a dream to make a star in my garage, and I ended up meeting the president." 
This plant has just two single leaves that have been shredded over the past 2,000 years:  
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
This octopus comes out of nowhere:  
A powerful poem about what it feels like to be transgender: 
"We have made remarkable progress in the last hundred years, but if we want to continue, our future is in space." 
Mars might hold the secret to the origin of life: 
A fascinating look at a culture where funerals are a raucous, public affair: 
This new video technology reveals an object's hidden properties, with mindblowing implications: 
“I wanted to moneyball criminal justice.” Why smart statistics are the key to fighting crime: 
"Emergency room doctors are trained to make decisions quickly, but not always accurately." 
7 #TEDTalks to help you slow down and enjoy life:  
"There has to be political noise and political costs in response to massive crimes against humanity." 
"Insects make us question what's normal and what's natural." 
A warrior's cry against child marriage: 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
This nerdy approach to fighting crime is much more effective: 
"Arabic script touches your soul before it reaches your eyes. There is a beauty that you don't need to translate." 
"If you don't see the struggle that is unique to my human experience because I am gay, you don't see me." @ashbeckham 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think:  
Do you know which chemical combos cause explosions? How to understand the periodic table: 
How scientists are working to create better psychiatric drugs -- without all the awful side effects: 
What will sports look like in the future? How science and technology are changing the playing field: 
"I realized, for the first time, that my voice mattered." Find the courage to speak up: 
What's it like to be a woman in competitive gaming? A female gamer explains: 
"Sweeping emotions under the rug of PMS keeps women from understanding the source of their negative emotions." 
"Empower everybody to use their judgment, their intelligence." 
Why it's so hard to translate jokes and puns -- and how great translators do it: 
How tiny invisible microbes shape your life in ways you'd never expect: 
"Being interviewed could mean so much to people, particularly those who had been told their stories didn't matter." 
How to spot a counterfeit bill:  (via @TED_ED)
"Any conversation about global poverty that doesn't include the problem of violence must be deemed not serious." 
"Human trafficking survivors don't need saving. They need solidarity." 
It's better to rip the BandAid, and other beliefs that we actually have backward: 
Ever started to like a song after hearing it millions of times? Why we love repetition in music:  via @TED_ED
"I'm a mess. I am full of contradictions. There are many ways in which I'm doing feminism wrong." — @rgay 
Why it's harmful to be 'color blind' when it comes to race: 
A thrilling look at the first 21 days of a bee’s life: 
"Misbehave more beautifully, more often." A choreographer's creative process in real time: 
"What if we decided to search for those small coincidences in life that are truly amazing?" 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
"Every time we feel that we are on the brink of peace, the conflict explodes again." How to stop mass violence: 
Meet the children who are living in refugee camps: 
How tiny invisible microbes shape your life in ways you'd never expect: 
Comedian John @Hodgman's detalied, hilarious proof of the existence of aliens (and, even stranger, love): 
5 shocking statistics about violence against women in the developing world: 
Meet the type designer who created Verdana, Georgia and Bell Centennial: 
What are schools like in North Korea? Hear one teacher's story: 
How we can make growing old a more enjoyable experience: 
"I'd never held anyone who gripped me as tightly as that child or who cried as hard or as long." 
"It is time to celebrate all the unsung heroines who find the heart and the grit to test every limit." 
How the American diet is wrecking global health: 
What do we do when antibiotics don’t work any more? 
"The most fantastic thing about the present time is that we're actually still here." A Q&amp;A with William Gibson: 
7 fantastic flags that break every design rule:  @romanmars 
"We need to build a future underwater city. Or better yet, a network of them around the world." 
"70% of fathers and 65% of mothers exhibit a preference for at least one child." The impact of sibling favoritism: 
"People are more afraid of insects than they are of dying." 
More women have died of heart disease than men in the past decades. Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
"You need coalitions of the willing and of the unwilling to make change." 
"We want to destroy people but not feel bad about it." Why we all get sucked into social media shaming:  @jonronson
"64-year-old men and women are running as fast as they were at age 19." 
The inside story of an elite school in North Korea: 
These are Ben Affleck's favorite #TEDTalks. Just in case you were curious. 
What one woman learned on a cross-country journey listening to people's stories:  @StoryCorps 
What this everyday task reveals about how you solve problems: 
Why exciting new medical technology should never replace the physical exam: 
"If nobody told you they loved you today, you remember I do." How one brave principal saved a school: 
"The average American physician interrupts their patient in 14 seconds." 
6 #TEDTalks on how (and why) to forgive:  
The art of asking for what you want -- even when it's scary:  @amandapalmer
Gecko feet. They're fascinating. 
This art snaps to attention as soon as you enter the room: 
"The most important innovation in medicine is the power of the human hand—to touch, to comfort, to diagnose." 
"Science is based on the collective wisdom of all of the scientists who have worked on a particular problem." 
Does paper beat plastic? How to rethink environmental folklore:  @LeylaAcaroglu
"The obstacles to drug reform lie within each of us. It's our fears, our lack of knowledge that stand in the way." 
Are "eco-friendly" products really better for the environment? 
"No matter your position or place in life, it is imperative to create opportunities for children." 
"Beauty doesn't equate to goodness, and it certainly doesn't equate to contentment." 
How to go to space, without having to go to space:  
Will the next generation of basketball coaches be computers? 
"In the workplace, real equality means valuing family just as much as work." 
Why you should be more skeptical of headlines about the brain: 

"If we don't expect more from each other, hope better for one another, and recover from hurt, we are surely doomed." 
"We have an oversimplified and increasingly outmoded view of the biological basis of psychiatric disorders." 
"We have an oversimplified and increasingly outmoded view of the biological basis of psychiatric disorders." 
"There are invisible problems all around us -- ones we can solve. But first we need to see them." 
Does the media have a responsibility to give you what you need or what you want? 
"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
"General Tso never saw a stalk of broccoli in his life." The odd story of Americanized Chinese food: 
"We have to groom our leaders carefully. We can't just leave it to chance." — @FredSwaniker 
7 #TEDTalks on the art of meaningful conversation:  
How great designers focus on all five senses: 
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
These powerful photos expose the reality of inequality and harmful environmental toxins: 
How @instagram is revolutionizing architecture -- and giving you control of how your neighborhood looks: 
8 tips for (mostly) seamless virtual collaboration:  
Easy ways to figure out what's fact and fiction on the Internet: 
Can we heal a criminal mind? How psychopaths might be able to develop a moral compass: 
Parasites are so much cooler than you think: 
The extraordinary story of a minister with a radical way to end youth violence: 
Why does the universe exist? Well, if you really want to know: 
The surprising thing that robots can't do yet: 
7 #TEDTalks about how to grow your own stuff:  
Do you remember the past correctly? Turns out you probably don't: 
The forgotten history of autism that we need to remember now: 
"This is the biggest dream I've ever had &amp; it was so nearly perfect." An epic survival story:  
9 #TEDTalks on how games can improve your life:  
"The time has come to stop raising animals industrially and stop eating them thoughtlessly." 
7 #TEDTalks on how to be generous:  
"In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever to remember that life is brief and tender." 
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
Would you put your DNA into a vending machine?  
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
Worried about smart machines taking over the world? Here's what we need to think about first: 
This is why it's so important that everyone gets vaccinated: 
Do we always need to have a choice? How that desire goes haywire: 
When to take a stand... and when to let it go: 
Why Jane Goodall still has hope that we can save the planet: 
"You are not a mistake. You are not a deficit. You are not something to be eradicated or rendered obsolete." 
Everyday cybercrime -- and what you can do about it: 
What if you could tell the time by how your watch smelled? How to design for all 5 senses: 
What to do when you face a really tough decision: 
"There is a moral dimension to history; there is a moral arrow. We have seen progress over time." 
"Insects have complicated behavior, but they lack complicated brains." 
12 #TEDTalks that will restore your faith in humanity:  
What @FCousteau learned from living underwater for 31 days:  
This is what happens to someone who gets publicly shamed online: 
Do you like curly fries? What Facebook can learn about you from that simple question:  
Great designers are really good at this seemingly simple skill: 
"Perhaps the task of the third act of life is to finish up the task of finishing ourselves." 
Why do we cry? The three types of tears:  via @TED_ED
How love and consumerism have gotten all mixed up: 
"Good and evil is the yin and yang of the human condition." 
"I am not here to inspire you. I am here to tell you that we have been lied to about disability." 
"Sex in insects is more interesting than sex in people." 
When your boss tells you to stop chatting and get to work, show them this talk: 
"Mastery is not a commitment to a goal, but to a constant pursuit." 
The inspiration you need to slow down and find stillness: 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
The untold story of David and Goliath, or the advantage of being an underdog: 
"Arabic scripts speak to anyone, I believe. And then when you get the meaning, you feel connected to it." 
Is the obesity crisis hiding a bigger problem? 
These photos offer a glimpse of life on the road: 
Scientists can be wrong, but we should trust them anyway. Here's why: 
Live the life you want to live: 
How to make work-life balance work: 
Done with small talk? Have more interesting conversations: 
Privacy matters for everyone -- not just people with something to hide. Here's why: 
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
"If the monster wants you, the monster's gonna get you." 3 ways to strengthen yourself against dementia: 
10 top time-saving tech tips: 
Why we desperately need to redesign the refrigerator: 
“Heart is what drives us and determines our fate.” 
"If the startup organization is so great, why do so many fail?" 
10 #TEDTalks by women that everyone should watch: 
“Give yourself permission and time to think about what it is you want to experience in your life." 
Chimpanzees have feelings and thoughts. Why they should also have rights:  
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." 
If you want to be good at something, tell yourself this: 
Have you ever taken pain relief meds? You have this guy to thank for them: 
This brilliant a cappella performance is one of a kind: 
"The world I believe in is one where we're measured by our ability to overcome adversities, not avoid them." 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
What is so special about the human brain? 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
5 ways to kill your dreams: 
10 myths about psychology, debunked: 
"The FBI is responsible for more terrorism plots in the United States than any other organization." 
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
If you've ever loved an addict, this talk is for you: 
How societies around the world treat their elders: 
"Work is not just something I do when I'd rather be doing something else." 
How the new super-rich are taking over the world: 
Ever heard someone defend traditional sex roles as "natural"? Here's what you can say to that: 
What you need to know about power so no one can take advantage of you: 
If your favorite English teacher gave a TED Talk, it would go something like this: 
"The one constant in our life is change." 
"All the time, we find animals doing things that, in our arrogance, we thought was just human." 
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
"Thinking about death clarifies your life." How one artist helps you do that:  
"Why not celebrate uniqueness and cheer every time someone unleashes their imagination?" 
Watch a yo-yo master show you how it's done:  
"Let's make technologies that make people more human, and not less." 
3 ways good design makes you happy: 
"You've got to identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most." How to achieve lasting success: 
"The pyramid of life in the ocean and our own lives on land are intricately connected."  
"Hard choices are hard because there is no best option." 
What can your language express that no other language can? 
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
Why all it takes to be more compassionate is the simple act of noticing: 
How and why fireflies produce their silent sparks: 
What do you want to be remembered for at the end of your life? 
This absurdly popular television program is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry: 
These artists paint neighborhoods to give them new life. Hear their funny, inspiring story:  
This might begin to explain why Scots get sick more than Australians: 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time):  
"What if there are things that even a good relationship can never provide?" 
7 #TEDTalks for when you wish you had time to read:  
This absurdly popular television program is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry: 
"I witness a tremendous capacity for love and forgiveness, and I am amazed at people’s resilience."  @StoryCorps
Could the sun be good for your heart? 
"A society in which people can be monitored at all times breeds conformity and obedience and submission." 
Powerful and practical advice for those who hope to change the world: 
7 #TEDTalks to help you find the right job:  
6 reasons why it's so important to make your neighborhood beautiful:  
How do you find stillness in the chaos of daily life? 6 TED speakers share their strategies: 
"People are not where they live, where they sleep, or what their life situation is at any given time." 
Pluto is the farthest planet we've ever reached. But why stop there? 
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
"Happiness is not something we find; it's something we make." 
Everything you think you know about addiction is wrong: 
Can a test measure the power of your imagination? 
How our buildings can be designed to make dying a better experience: 
This monkey can send a thought straight to another monkey's brain. Seriously. 
"Money is the most successful story ever invented by humans, because it is the only story everybody believes." 
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
This is what happens when two fireflies have sex: 
"Our comfort foods map who are, where we come from, and what happened to us along the way." 
These needy sculptures will make you laugh: 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
Imagine a world where apartment buildings looked like this:  
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship:  
This is why diets can be so frustrating: 
How a single word can change your conversation: 
How to not be bitten by a shark: 
"Our role as leaders is to set the stage, not perform on it." 
How to recover when you feel rejected or lonely: 
By age two, this prodigy's musical ear had already outstripped that of most adults: 
How cults hook people in with easy answers to complex questions: 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
How this 15-year-old kid designed the perfect bow:  
Communicate more effectively by spotting these speech patterns: 
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
"To be a hero, you have to learn to be a deviant, because you're always going against the conformity of the group." 
Can you spot a fake laugh? You might be surprised: 
"Our evolved sexuality is in direct conflict with many aspects of the modern world." 
"If a little boy leads, there's no negative word for it; it's expected. But if a little girl leads, she's bossy." 
4 simple tips to help you achieve big goals:  
"The harmful effects of stress on your health are not inevitable -- how you think can transform stress." 
How to buy happiness (for real): 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
“Our bodies change our minds, and our minds can change our behavior, and our behavior can change our outcomes.” 
9 clever questions to start a better conversation: 
Which country does the most good for the planet? You might be surprised:  
"Every day, everywhere, our children spread their dreams beneath our feet. We should tread softly." 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
5 #TEDTalks to inspire you to get a good night's sleep:  
What explains the rise of humans?  
10 #TEDTalks for parents who are short on time but starved for intellectual stimulation:   
This monkey can send a thought straight to another monkey's brain. Seriously. 
"Every time I fail to become more like my father, I become more like myself." 
How money makes you mean: 
How your brain is fooling you most of the time: 
"Nobody in the world can succeed alone." 
"Facts are vulnerable to misuse." How critical thinking can help us make sense of big data: 
"Passion is your greatest love. Passion will help you create the highest expression of your talent." 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
6 curious kids interview their moms about life and love:  
How to make a choice when you're faced with two equal options: 
Helpful advice for anyone who wants to get promoted: 
This performance will change the way you think about sex work:  @jonesarah
"Even at its best, dieting is a waste of time and energy." 
"The next time you're faced with something unexpected, unwanted and uncertain, consider that it just may be a gift." 
"We spend lots of time learning about calculation, but let's not forget about application."  #math
This super-thin 3-inch disk can levitate something 70,000 times its own weight. Here's how:  
Have six minutes to spare? Plenty of time to learn 40 Chinese characters:  
Feel tired all the time? The surprising sleep cycle your body really wants: 
Short on time? Watch these #TEDTalks in 3 minutes or less: 
"Arabic script touches your soul before it reaches your eyes. There is a beauty that you don't need to translate." 
How to recover when you feel rejected or lonely: 
Why Amsterdam has the most badass city flag in the world:  
The stunning life story of a transgender business icon who refused to take no for an answer: 
Street art with a message of hope and peace:  @elseedart 
7 fantastic flags that break every design rule:  @romanmars 
This is what your brain was doing while you were sleeping: 
This is what happens inside your body when you laugh: 
How to train your dog, the dog-friendly way: 
Stunning X-ray photos of everyday items: 
"Your stress response has a built-in mechanism for stress resilience, and that mechanism is human connection." 
How to buy happiness: 
A stunning dance performance by a living legend:  
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
Why do startups succeed or fail? It all comes down to this: 
Stunning photos show the power of water and how it shapes our world:  
"My parents raised me and my siblings in an armor of advice, so that we could be kids, not casket or concrete."  
"Student questions are the seeds of real learning." Why curiosity is essential to education: 
How your friends affect your health and happiness -- for better or for worse: 
Why do some of us get attacked by mosquitos while others are ignored? Blame our microbes: 
"There is really mathematical evidence to say that you should never let the sun go down on your anger." 
Does body language help a TED Talk go viral?  
"There is recovery. There is redemption." How one man recovered from a seemingly incurable depression: 
"Medical doctors are experts on the population, but you are the expert on yourself." 
"We need to stop letting disease divorce us from our dreams." 
The nerd's guide to learning everything online:  @johngreen #DFTBA 
"What the drug cartels run is, quite literally, a franchise business." How they do it:  
"Abolish all doubt and what's left is not faith, but absolute heartless conviction." 
"Correctly using computers is the silver bullet for making math education work." 
"Your rights matter because you never know when you're going to need them." — Edward Snowden 
How this FBI strategy is actually creating US-based terrorists: 
"What the drug cartels run is, quite literally, a franchise business." How they do it:  
Unforgettable cases for true crime buffs: 
A fascinating, funny look at how birds fly in sync: 
5 #TEDTalks for understanding the drug trade:  
"The government knows far too much about what goes on behind closed doors." 
"The great problem for reform or transformation is the tyranny of common sense." 
What really happens to the plastic you throw away:  @TED_ED
"In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever to remember that life is brief and tender." 
The good news on poverty (yes, there's good news): 
"Life is best when it's a bit strange." 
The amazing story of the man who gave us modern pain relief: 
"We have no other option than to reclaim the message of human rights, the principles of our faith." 
"Why is it that raising our children is associated with so much anguish and confusion?" 
"We have got to show our sons a new definition of manhood." 
"The only way to ensure the full participation of women globally is by reclaiming religion." — @almmura 
What my religion really says about women:  @almmura 
"Religious institutions are driven by male leadership, and they create policies in their likeness." 
How open data is being used to do extraordinary things, beyond what we could have imagined: 
"We're social animals, not rational animals. We emerge out of relationships." 
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." 
The extraordinary lessons one woman learned from her autistic brothers: 
How technology is changing our relationships to each other: 
A harrowing story of life during the North Korean famine: 
10 surprisingly viral #TEDTalks: 
"Satellites are like the canoes our ancestors first pushed out into the water." 
"I wouldn't trade my autism and my imagination for the world." 
"Bias is not an accusation. It's something that has to be identified, acknowledged and mitigated against." 
"There are invisible problems all around us -- ones we can solve. But first we need to see them." 
Should we donate money directly to the poor? A convincing case that yes, we should: 
Why city flags may be the worst-designed thing you've never noticed:  @romanmars
"The influencers of an organization are the network nodes: the people who most often intersect with the most people." 
How to overcome the fears that hold you back: 
"If the startup organization is so great, why do so many fail?" 
"The mosquito has killed more humans than any other creature in human history." 
"Your overnight success story is always a result of everything you've done in your life through that moment." 
"It is profoundly traumatizing to be told by tens of thousands of people that you need to get out." — @jonronson 
"You can lead a good, ethical life, but some bad phraseology in a tweet can overwhelm it all."  @jonronson
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
"There are parts of Canada where dinosaur skeletons are just lying around." 
What happens when online shaming spirals out of control:  @jonronson
Why we need to end the War on Drugs: 
Why Jane Goodall still has hope that we can save the planet: 
Why your worst deeds don't define you: 
"Affairs are an act of betrayal. They are also an expression of longing and loss." 
"A child who has not been read to is in danger when they get to school." 
"We make very poor use of our talents. Many people go through their lives with no real sense of their talents." 
"I love my students, and I believe in their possibilities unconditionally." 
How to train your dog, the dog-friendly way: 
"I'm asking you to be color brave, so that every child knows that their dreams are possible." 
How we can nurture and celebrate different ways of thinking: 
"Let's make technologies that make people more human, and not less." 
"Mastery is not a commitment to a goal, but to a constant pursuit." 
13 brilliant teens who will give you hope for the future: 
This is what it's like to be a teenager in solitary confinement: 
Powerful and practical advice for those who hope to change the world: 
“A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.” 
"Unconscious bias is not the same as conscious discrimination." 
"As a product designer, I try to see the world the way it really is, not the way we think it is." 
How to find creative inspiration all around you: 
"The key to maximizing our talents is for us all to put ourselves in the zone of stimulation that is right for us." 
"Are there dark, sinister parasites influencing our behavior?" 
"Shakespeare's most poetic lines don't just talk about matters of the heart; they follow its rhythm." 
4 powerful #TEDTalks on the importance of educating girls: 
"I have chosen to stay passionate, engaged with an open heart; I'm working on it every day." 
3 ways good design makes you happy: 
How people around the world think about parenting: 
This performance will change the way you think about sex work:  @jonesarah
This is why siblings fight so much: 
A delightful ode to language, for all the word-lovers out there: 
"We live in a world stuck in fast-forward." Why we need to slow down: 
This opera singer got a double lung transplant -- and never gave up on her dreams: 
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
"If you come across a problem that grabs you, let it keep you up at night." 
Why losing someone you love only makes you want them more: 
What we still don't know about male anatomy: 
Watch the first female on @RollingStone's "guitar god" list play her breakout single: 
How we sabotage our own success: 
"We focus on the pursuit of happiness as though it's an object we have to go out and get." 
"Every language is just a group of people who agree to understand each other." 
A simple way to end traffic jams -- for good: 
"Discover what it is that gives you pain, and then refuse to inflict that pain on anybody else." 
"This octopus was playing, which is a pretty sophisticated behavior for a mere invertebrate." 
4 creative mistakes that led to major inventions: 
How to manage the emotional roller coaster of creativity: 
What ants can teach us about the brain, cancer and the Internet: 
"I believe that self-mockery is one of the best means for a relationship to endure." 
Why dieting doesn't usually work: 
Will our kids be a different species? Why we might be evolving faster than we think: 
This is what's wrong with what we eat: 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you need a reminder that life is beautiful: 
10 #TEDTalks on how to take charge of your health: 
How to communicate more effectively: 
Why fireflies light up in the dark, and other secrets of these beloved bugs:  
5 signs that math education is failing: 
"The person you are right now is as transient, as fleeting and as temporary as all the people you've ever been." 
11 must-see #TEDTalks: 
"I'm not scared of being vulnerable; I don't see it as a weakness anymore."  
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
"Diets may seem harmless, but they actually do a lot of collateral damage." 
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
What we learn from insects’ kinky sex lives: 
Why business leaders should measure employee happiness: 
"We often think of fear as a weakness, but what if we thought of it as an amazing act of the imagination?" 
9 clever questions to start a better conversation in any situation: 
Are you making one of these common password mistakes? 
How the psychology of choice differs around the world: 
A powerful letter from one woman's great-great-grandfather, who escaped slavery in 1855: 
"When people pursue money too avidly, they forget about the basic pleasures of life."  
"Stress gives us access to our hearts." The surprising benefits of stress: 
6 must-read books about psychology, recommended by TED speakers: 
"Your stress response has a built-in mechanism for stress resilience, and that mechanism is human connection." 
Is math discovered or invented? A thought-provoking answer from @TED_ED: 
Why do we talk about sex with baseball terminology? Let's try this metaphor instead: 
You were destined to watch this TED Talk: 
The story of Nikola Tesla, or "the greatest geek who ever lived," told with stunning visual flair: 
How to set goals that lead to real change: 
6 studies on how money affects the mind: 
This week, stop multi-tasking and try this instead: 
What happened when I open-sourced my brain cancer:  @xdxd_vs_xdxd
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who argue with you. 
The two mistakes we all make when we try to make a decision: 
"The quantum universe is far stranger than Einstein wanted to believe." His last great contribution to physics: 
"Books have given me a portal to connect with people. I know I shall never feel lonely or powerless again." 
We need to start a new conversation about infidelity: 
Stuck in middle management? Here's what you need to know if you want a top leadership position: 
How your brain creates meaning and makes sense of big ideas:  
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
This is what happens when your slides won't load at a TED conference: 
Your emails are like postcards that everyone can read. Here's a better option: 
Why your office should look more like the local pub: 
"My parents raised me and my siblings in an armor of advice, so that we could be kids, not casket or concrete."  
"Governments have become completely disconnected from what actually matters to people." 
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
"Happiness is not just the absence of misery." 
Are you easily fooled by statistics? Test yourself with the quizzes in this talk: 
Watch what happens inside the brain during musical improvisation: 
A lovely reminder that your depth of character is just as important as your accomplishments: 
"The history of a place is written on the body and the landscape." Powerful photos show the human impact of industry: 
"There is a rich tradition in Islam of talking frankly about sex." How and why that changed: 
"Why is it that raising our children is associated with so much anguish and confusion?" 
A deeply personal look at the life of the working homeless: 
Want to avoid a misdiagnosis? Share this information with your doctor: 
8 #TEDTalks full of unsolved mysteries:  
"You don't have to have a medical degree to be your body's expert." 
This is what enduring love looks like:  
10 #TEDTalks to watch when every conceivable bad thing has just happened to you:  
"By taking these daily measurements about yourself, you become the expert on your body." 
A visual history of inequality in industrial America: 
"Words are like LEGO. If you use enough force, you can put any two of them together." 
"We are one of the loneliest societies that has ever been." - @johannhari101 
"No one’s ever been to this part of the solar system before."  #PlutoFlyBy 
"Our moral integrity is our responsibility, and we must be prepared to defend it, even if it's not convenient." 
"Trafficking happens in sectors where workers are excluded from protections and denied the right to organize." 
"Each one of us is more than what we have lived through. Especially trafficking survivors." 
A new, human approach to treating addiction: 
"Sharks are basically the same fish they were 300 million years ago." 
An interview with the scientist behind the #PlutoFlyBy: 
"Pluto is among the most complicated planets in the solar system."  #PlutoFlyBy
"It can be vulnerable and exhausting to tell our own stories when it feels like nobody cares." — @AspenBaker 
"Trafficking doesn't happen in a vacuum. It happens in systematically degraded work environments." 
"Figuring out how to build a more just world is our work to do and our story to tell." 
A better way to talk about abortion:  @AspenBaker @ExhaleProVoice
"Nowhere is magical unless you can bring the right eyes to it." 
Why the first close-up photos of #Pluto prove it really is a planet (probably): 
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
7 #TEDTalks celebrate the beauty of friendship: 
What we're learning from the first ever close-up photos of Pluto:  #PlutoFlyBy 
"All the major threats facing us today are problems entirely of our own making." 
"Home, no matter where you are. That’s what this picture means to me."  
How open data is being used to do extraordinary things, beyond what we could have imagined: 
"There is nothing people won’t tell you if you ask in a compassionate and legitimately interested way.” — @humansofny 
"People are actually really open to changing things if they're given the chance to talk about them." 
A sparkling talk on what goes into some of the world's smartest cartoons:  
What happens when the media's priority is profit? 
"Go ahead and make words like duckface, just don't make duckface." 
"This is the legacy of manifest destiny." Bleak photos of America's native prisoners of war:  
Human trafficking is all around you. This is how it works: 
7 #TEDTalks to watch when it's too hot to function: 
"We are one of the loneliest societies that has ever been." 
"Stereotypes are holding women back from leadership roles all over the world." A Q&amp;A with Sheryl Sandberg: 
"If I get vaccinated, not only am I protecting myself, I am also protecting others." 
Would you fly in a 3D-printed jumbo jet?  
"There's a very thin dividing line between success and failure." - @richardbranson 
5 ways to build a beautiful city: 
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
A bold new way to fund drug research that could save millions of lives: 
An argument about the death penalty that everyone can agree on: 
You might not care about gecko feet now, but you'll love them after this talk: 
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why: 
7 #TEDTalks to watch when the weather outside is frightful: 
"These women lived in the 'and.' They proved you could be fierce and you could be feminine." 
When to take a stand... and when to let it go: 
If you could erase bad memories, would you do it? The science of memory manipulation: 
This is why laughter is so contagious: 
The bizarre story of a groundbreaking piece of WWII technology with a deeply unexpected result: 
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
Want to recharge your creative spirits? Try this: 
"When you connect with people around a shared interest, serendipitous things happen in the future." 
The untold story of David and Goliath, or the advantage of being an underdog: 
These powerful photos expose the reality of inequality and harmful environmental toxins: 
How to make creative cities -- from buildings to buses: 
How Google will help us think in the future: 
Everything you think you know about addiction is wrong: 
The first 6 #TEDTalks ever posted online: 
"Work is not just something I do when I'd rather be doing something else." 
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
How to not be bitten by a shark: 
"The opposite of addiction is not sobriety. The opposite of addiction is connection." — @johannhari101 
Why it's hard to sell ice to people who don't know what ice is: 
Why all it takes to be more compassionate is the simple act of noticing: 
"These women showed that warriors come in all shapes and sizes."  
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
What the addict in your life needs to hear: 
"The one constant in our life is change." 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
The creepy story of the world's most hated pest:  
5 ways to kill your dreams:  @belpesce
"Hard choices are hard because there is no best option." 
Why hearing "you're not there yet" is more helpful than hearing you failed: 
9 must-see #TEDTalks about climate change: 
"People are not where they live, where they sleep, or what their life situation is at any given time." 
"Our role as leaders is to set the stage, not perform on it." 
Think you've got a terrible memory? You don't know the half of it: 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
11 must-see #TEDTalks: 
10 #TEDTalks to watch with kids at bedtime: 
Which TED Talk are you? 
How cults hook people in with easy answers to complex questions: 
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship: 
Learn how to control someone else's arm with your brain in this unbelievable—and creepy—demo by @BackyardBrains: 
"To be a hero, you have to learn to be a deviant, because you're always going against the conformity of the group." 
Why do diets often fail? Blame it on your brain: 
“Our bodies change our minds, and our minds can change our behavior, and our behavior can change our outcomes.” 
"The harmful effects of stress on your health are not inevitable -- how you think can transform stress." 
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
What goes on in your brain when you imagine what others are thinking:  
What makes you feel good about your work? The scientific answer: 
This problem has killed more people than every 20th century war combined: 
"Our evolved sexuality is in direct conflict with many aspects of the modern world." 
How sleep really does help restore the mind: 
What would happen if you followed every single piece of health advice you heard? This guy tried it: 
Can you spot a fake laugh? You might be surprised: 
"If a little boy leads, there's no negative word for it; it's expected. But if a little girl leads, she's bossy." 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you feel totally burned out: 
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
The last undeciphered script from the ancient world—and how we're figuring out what it means:  
If you drive a car, you'll want to watch this talk: 
By age two, this prodigy's musical ear had already outstripped that of most adults: 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
4 powerful TED Talks on the importance of educating girls:  #booksnotbullets
"I was chained by a metal cable to my bed, so I could do only four small steps. I always dreamt of the fifth one." 
Get ready for the next big leap in brain power: 
10 #TEDTalks about co-existing peacefully with robots: 
"Women are driving the social media revolution." 
"Not investing in refugees is a huge missed opportunity. The victims of war can hold the keys to lasting peace." 
"Nobody sensible simply wants more trust. Sensible people want to place their trust where it is deserved." 
"The Web can be used as a colossal, uncontrollable and highly anarchical TV channel." 
"Our desire to alter our state of consciousness may be as fundamental as our desire for food, water, and sex." 
"Women working together -- linked, informed and educated -- can bring peace and prosperity." 
"Calling gender violence a women's issue is part of the problem." 
This extraordinary marketing campaign inspired guerrilla fighters to put down their weapons and choose peace: 
"What's it like to be a baby? It's like being in love in Paris for the first time after three double-espressos." 
"Why can't we use our anger to challenge and change the evils of the world?" - Nobel Peace Prize winner @k_satyarthi 
"A human being can never be broken. Technology is broken. Technology is inadequate." 
"Stories matter. Stories can break the dignity of a people, but stories can also repair that broken dignity." 
How you pick up accents, favorite foods and more -- before you're even born: 
The hidden, powerful structure behind Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech: 
The promise of the all-electric racing car: 
"General Tso never saw a stalk of broccoli in his life." The odd story of Americanized Chinese food: 
The incredible story of how we landed on a comet, for the first time ever: 
Why trust and cooperation are essential to good business: 
Meet the spinosaurus, a dinosaur that looks like a "dragon from deep time": 
The case for engineering our food: 
Bees are essential to food crops, but they're quickly disappearing. Here's why: 
8 #TEDTalks for people who love food: 
"You may think it is ignorant to speak broken English, but even articulate Americans sound foolish to the British." 
"Monsters exist in all of us; the broken parts of ourselves, sadness, secret shame." 
"Next time you're about to throw out an appliance, don't. Take it apart with your kid." 
10 top time-saving tech tips: 
"Trust requires an intelligent judgement." How to be smart about who you trust: 
"The best time to work on your marriage is before you have one." 
"Monogamy used to be one person for life. Today, monogamy is one person at a time." 
Once you hear these ideas, they'll come up in daily life all the time: 
"We aim low and we think small when it comes to women. It is time for us to aim higher." 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and trust." 
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
“Time disappears. You forget yourself. You feel part of something larger.” Is this the secret to happiness? 
A clever, easy way to turn family chaos into peace and calm: 
"What we eat is really our chemotherapy three times a day." How we can eat to starve cancer: 
"Livestream can turn cyberspace into a global political arena where everyone might have a voice." 
"Education allows refugee children to think of their future. Of hope, rather than hatred." 
"If, like me, you're wearing a gold ring, it was forged in a supernova explosion." 
"We are designing technology that will give us the illusion of companionship without the demands of friendship." 
"The seasonal flu is probably the biggest driver of antibiotic use." The coming crisis in antibiotics: 
A warrior's cry against child marriage: 
"What we need now is a radically new conception of agriculture, one in which the food actually tastes good." 
"The accuracy of our memories is not measured in how vivid they are, nor how certain you are that they're correct." 
"Our default wiring is to help. But then the question is, why don't we?" 
What do we do when antibiotics don’t work any more? 
Will the next generation of coaches be computers? 
How to get vaccines to the right place at the right time: 
How to stand out at your new office: 
What I learned about economics when I sailed solo around the world: 
6 ways to get vaccines to the people who need them:  
The math behind basketball's wildest moves: 
5 tips for millennials just starting their careers: 
Watch the first female on @RollingStone's "guitar god" list play her breakout single: 
5 TED Talks to cheer you up on a bad day: 
How do we learn compassion?  via @TEDRadioHour
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." 
A stirring argument for gender equality from former President Jimmy Carter: 
"Our only chance of long-term survival is to spread out into space." 
"Wood gives Mother Nature fingerprints in our buildings." Why we should build wooden skyscrapers: 
The real Jurassic Park involves a lot more chickens: 
"Compassion is the capacity to see clearly into the nature of suffering." 
"I can't promise my child a life without bias, but I promise to bias my child with multiple perspectives." 
This man uses telepresence robots to visit museums around the world from his home:  
"There's a hidden epidemic in medicine: Doctors are scared of patients finding out who we are." 
"Was I who I had been before the crash, before this road divided my life like the spine of an open book?" 
"Solitude is where you find yourself so you can reach out to other people and form real attachments." 
How flowers cleverly deceive pollinators:  
Meet the first women to fight on the front lines of an American war: 
Poets are more likely to associate numbers with colors, and other strange facts about your brain: 
A human look at the corrosive impact of the American incarceration system: 
6 things you need to know about virtual reality: 
“To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.” 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
Virtual reality is about to change everything. Here's why: 
This new microscope uses video to reveal tiny motions -- like blood flowing under the skin: 
"Chinese food is the most pervasive food on the planet, served on all seven continents, even Antarctica." 
"America is simultaneously the most and the least successful country in the industrialized world." 
How one doctor helps transgender teens become who they want to be: 
This woman wrote beautiful letters to strangers to fight her depression: 
"We do ourselves a disservice if we give up on people. Nobody is beyond some kind of restorative process." 
"Dying is not scary. We've been preparing for it our whole lives." 
"The media have to decide: Do they see their role as being to inflame or to inform?" 
"Reason is just a means to an end, and the end depends on the reasoner's passions." 
Pope Francis is taking climate change seriously. How he's integrating science and religion:  
A shark-deterrent wetsuit (and it's not what you think): 
"Just like snowflakes, no two pieces of wood can ever be the same anywhere on Earth." 
"The political and the sexual are intimate bedfellows, and that is true for us all." 
How to turn a video game controller into a multi-touch digital whiteboard, and other fun hacks: 
8 #TEDTalks to watch when your family is driving you nuts: 
This shark is the second largest fish in the world... and is nearly extinct: 
A fascinating, funny look at how birds fly in sync: 
"Sanitation work is one of the 10 most dangerous occupations in the US." 
Smart ways to think about racism and injustice in the U.S. today:  
"Every human being needs to listen consciously in order to live fully." 
"Stories can punch holes in our mental walls. And through those holes, we can get a glimpse of the other." 
How we can use bacteria to detect cancer (and maybe treat it): 
How to talk about climate change with skeptics: 
3 lessons for designing products the whole world uses: 
A thrilling look at the first 21 days of a bee’s life: 
"Pain is the most complex human experience." 
4 reasons why talented women don't thrive in tech: 
3 teens on body image, beauty and bullying: 
These 10 #TEDTalks are perfect for binge-watching: 
Why driverless cars are better at responding to unpredictable events on the road than we are: 
3 ways to build a better, less selfish society: 
9 #TEDTalks with new ways to think about beauty: 
"I'm kind of obsessed with flags." And now you will be too. 
8 #TEDTalks to help you claim your independence:  
A powerful poem about what it feels like to be transgender: 
Live the life you want to live: 
"Mystery demands to be decoded, and when it's done right, we really, really want to." 
"You know how exhausting it can be to try to be perfect when you're not, or to be somebody that you aren't?" 
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why: 
She was one of the first women in tech... and she took it by storm: 
Should we donate money directly to the poor? A convincing case that yes, we should: 
"The biggest animal that ever lived is still alive. It's not a dinosaur; it's a whale." 
"When you’re attempting something outside the norm, you need unshakable faith in your ability to make it happen." 
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
"Being absolutely true to yourself is freedom." 
Common myths about what makes you live longer, debunked: 
13 brilliant teens who will give you hope for the future: 
How does your memory work? 7 #TEDTalks explain: 
This octopus comes out of nowhere:  
Is our universe the only universe? An exhilarating case for the multiverse: 
"Our brains evolved for a very different world." Why we make bad decisions: 
5 #TEDTalks that will give you house envy:  
How a driverless car avoids accidents: 
"We kill about 100 million sharks a year." Why sharks are more afraid of us than we are of them: 
Confused by commas? A clever way to remember when you need a comma:  via @TED_ED
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
7 TED Talks on the art of meaningful conversation: 
What do you want to be remembered for at the end of your life? 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
"It is time to celebrate all the unsung heroines who find the heart and the grit to test every limit." 
Do you know which chemical combos cause explosions? How to understand the periodic table: 
This absurdly popular television program is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry: 
These 7 #TEDTalks are proof that it's possible to rebuild after disaster, illness and heartbreak: 
The unrecognized health crisis that affects all of us:  
20 words that once meant something very different: 
"Nobody in the world can succeed alone." 
"It's never been easier to cheat, and it's never been more difficult to keep a secret." 
"If you tell people you're depressed, everyone runs the other way." Let's end the stigma. 
We need to start a new conversation about infidelity: 
Try these fascinating experiments to see how your mind works:  
"The schizophrenic mind is not split, but shattered." What it feels like to have a psychotic episode: 
3 questions that can help us learn to understand people we disagree with: 
Be a few minutes late to work. Your brain will thank you: 
"The message a lot of kids get from porn is that good sex is about mechanics." Why that's harmful: 
A lovely reminder that your depth of character is just as important as your accomplishments: 
"The great problem for reform or transformation is the tyranny of common sense." 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you feel totally burned out: 
8 must-read books about business: 
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
"Words are like LEGO. If you use enough force, you can put any two of them together." 
These inspiring, personal stories will make anyone feel less alone: 
You were destined to watch this TED Talk: 
The 10 funniest TED Talks:  #InternationalJokeDay
The amazing story of the man who gave us modern pain relief: 
A powerful story of what it means to be a true American: 
"America was fracturing into two distinct societies: a republic of dreams and a republic of fears." 
7 #TEDTalks to remind you that life goes on:  
How a fierce and loving principal turned her high school around: 
The good news on poverty (yes, there's good news): 
"The mosquito has killed more humans than any other creature in human history." 
Why Americans don't hear more about what happens in the rest of the world: 
"The best thing a child can do with a toy is break it." 
How great designers focus on all five senses: 
This plant has just two single leaves that have been shredded over the past 2,000 years:  
"I am not here to inspire you. I am here to tell you that we have been lied to about disability." 
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." 
"No person who is fleeing war should ever face a closed border." - @melissarfleming  
How to overcome the fears that hold you back: 
Can we use "people maps" to predict the next Ferguson? 
"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
"Visionaries not only believe that the impossible can be done, but that it must be done." 
"Let's make sure our ideas of success are our own, that we are truly the authors of our own ambitions." 
“Even people raised on hate can make a choice about who they want to be.” 
10 top time-saving tech tips: 
"A lot of people can boldly ask for a raise, but can’t ask for a hug. And a lot have the opposite problem." 
"At work, we're often so busy 'communicating' that we don't have time to think." 
"Our comfort foods map who are, where we come from, and what happened to us along the way." 
7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health: 
"Good and evil is the yin and yang of the human condition." 
"People around the world are getting better medicine -- but mentally, we're falling apart." 
4 truths about parenting that no one wants to admit: 
"Love is a process. Thinking of it as binary causes us to be unduly concerned that it's fraudulent or inadequate." 
"Books have given me a portal to connect with people. I know I shall never feel lonely or powerless again." 
How diets affect your brain -- and why this healthy alternative may be more effective: 
"If it would destroy him to be called a girl, what are we then teaching him about girls?" 
10 TED Talks you won't be able to stop thinking about:  
"In an age of distraction, nothing is so luxurious as paying attention." 
How to buy happiness (for real): 
This tech demo is a true TED classic: 
12 TED Talks that will restore your faith in humanity: 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
"We have to make sure that every school that serves children in poverty is a real school." 
3 ways to fix a broken school:  
This man films one second of his life every day:  #LeapSecond
A human look at the corrosive impact of the American incarceration system: 
"For developing countries, software companies and space ships may not be as important as taps and toilets." 
"I started out with a dream to make a star in my garage, and I ended up meeting the president." 
What I learned about economics when I sailed solo around the world: 
"If I controlled the Internet, you could auction your broken heart on eBay." 
This is how static electricity works:  via @TED_ED
How America's justice system fails our children: 
5 TED Talks to cheer you up on a bad day: 
"Women are driving the social media revolution." 
These mushrooms offer a unique way to help struggling farmers... and fight climate change:  
How magnetic pulses can change people's moral judgments: 
Inside Rosetta's mind-boggling mission to land on a comet 4 billion miles away:  
"We stand today on the threshold of the post-antibiotic era, when simple infections will kill people once again." 
"The gay rights movement asks us to support justice and equality from a space of love."  #LoveWins
A game-changing way to resolve deadly conflict: 
Why virtual reality is the next great medium: 
Is this the civil rights issue of today? 
“GDP is a tool to help us measure economies; it is not a way to measure the quality of our lives.” 
"Talking about virtual reality is like dancing about architecture." 
How a blind man uses echolocation to see the world with his ears: 
What sees the world more clearly, your eyes or a video camera?  via @TED_ED
How to spot a counterfeit bill:  (via @TED_ED)
"Machine intelligence is the last invention that humanity will ever need to make." 
"We all wind up traveling through life, trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything." 
“6 years ago, I returned to America and realized the American dream was thriving, but only in India.”  @AnandWrites
"Good fiction is written by people who've read a lot of fiction." - William Gibson 
How honest, attractive, and interesting are you? Why most people think they're above average: 
"Misbehave more beautifully, more often." 
"There has been a fundamental shift in the balance of power in the world." What new power looks like: 
"I wouldn't trade my autism and my imagination for the world." How autism freed me to be myself: 
6 powerful women who are 'many shades of awesome' 
Need inspiration to slow down and enjoy life? Start here: 
"If you're feeling fear and despair, your mind narrows down to very safe and conservative ways of thinking." 
In some countries, it's illegal to not visit your parents. 
Optimism can make you happier and more successful. Here's why: 
How we can see each others' best qualities and bring them out: 
This is how a driverless car sees the road: 
Is the obesity crisis hiding a bigger problem? 
"Visionaries not only believe that the impossible can be done, but that it must be done." 
What makes a serial killer tick? A neuroscientist examines the brains of legendary killers: 
Need another reason to be freaked out by crows? Here you go: 
Watch the first female on @RollingStone's "guitar god" list play her breakout single: 
Are you smarter than a 19th-century 5th grader? Test yourself:  
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
If you don't already love classical music, you will after this talk: 
"Most people contemplating suicide wouldn't think of hurting another person; they just want their own pain to end." 
This problem has killed more people than every 20th century war combined: 
"We're never more beautiful than when we're most ugly. That's when we really know what we're made of." 
Tips to communicate more effectively (especially about complex ideas):  
The surprising reason why you've never seen baby dinosaur bones: 
Explore the last 30 years of tech -- with an audacious prediction about what's coming next: 
Simple ways to help yourself commit to a goal and stick with it: 
The career advice you probably didn't get: 
This gel can make you stop bleeding instantly. How it works is incredible:  
"Education is what people do to you, and learning is what you do to yourself." 
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
Photos of secret sites most people never see:  
Why thinking you're ugly is bad for you: 
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
Stunning natural wonders too small for your eyes to see:  
Why do we talk about sex with baseball terminology? Let's try this metaphor instead: 
A simple way to end traffic jams -- for good: 
This brilliant architect can fix any problem using one simple way of thinking:  
A moving portrait of powerful black sisterhood: 
"We make very poor use of our talents. Many people go through their lives with no real sense of their talents." 
4 creative mistakes that led to major inventions: 
6 TED Talks celebrate that love is love:  #LoveWins 
A simple way to eat less meat -- and why it's worth a try: 
"This is the gay agenda: equality. Not special rights, but the rights that were already written."   #LoveWins
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
"We need to radically rethink our view of intelligence." How schools kill creativity: 
How to make filthy water drinkable -- and save millions of lives:  
A bitingly funny look at how suburbia makes us miserable:  
Why "follow your passion" can be terrible career advice: 
Want a top leadership position? The surprising advice you need: 
"Stop this notion that you need to plan everything, and focus on being connected, always learning, fully present." 
"Creativity is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status." 
If your career truly sparked your passion and used your talent fully, what would you be doing? 
"What we eat is really our chemotherapy three times a day." How we can eat to starve cancer: 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
What it's like to grow old in different parts of the world: 
The promise of the all-electric racing car: 
"This is the gay agenda: equality. Not special rights, but the rights that were already written."  
Incredible new science lets monkeys send thoughts straight into each other's brains: 
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
Physical therapy is boring. This video game makes it way more fun:  @MiraRehab
"We're all on a one-way street, and what are we going to do to have no regrets looking back?" 
What do we do when antibiotics don’t work any more? 
3 warp-speed architecture tales:  
"Prison now stands firmly between the young people trying to make it and the fulfillment of the American dream." 
More women have died of heart disease than men in the past decades. Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
The hidden, powerful structure behind Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech: 
A special #tbt from 1984, when touchscreens were an exciting, improbable dream: 
The art of first impressions — in design and life: 
"Our memory tells us stories. What we get to keep from our experiences is a story." 
"Every day, everywhere, our children spread their dreams beneath our feet. We should tread softly." 
"This is the biggest dream I've ever had &amp; it was so nearly perfect." An epic survival story:  
"I have chosen to stay passionate, engaged with an open heart; I'm working on it every day." 
"The measure of a free society is not how it treats its good citizens, but how it treats its dissidents." 
“We can’t reliably distinguish true memories from false memories." How we remember things that didn't happen: 
"This is just a plumbing problem." How a boiler engineer fixed his own heart: 
Can a test measure the power of your imagination? 
"The world I believe in is one where we're measured by our ability to overcome adversities, not avoid them." 
“Heart is what drives us and determines our fate.” 
"The brain abhors a vacuum." How our memories fill in missing details -- and often get them wrong: 
"Shakespeare's most poetic lines don't just talk about matters of the heart; they follow its rhythm." 
"I'm asking you to be color brave, so that every child knows that their dreams are possible." 
"Society decides when we are old. But we all feel younger than our real ages." 
A great memory is not a gift -- it's learned. Here's a simple way to improve your memory: 
"We need to stop letting disease divorce us from our dreams." 
"The only way to really achieve all of your dreams is to fully enjoy every step of your journey." 
"Stress gives us access to our hearts." The surprising benefits of stress: 
This opera singer got a double lung transplant -- and never gave up on her dreams: 
"Aging is the upward ascension of the human spirit, bringing us into wisdom, wholeness and authenticity." 
Why business leaders should measure employee happiness: 
"If you have dreams, it's your responsibility to make them happen." 
Think you've got a terrible memory? You don't know the half of it: 
“Walk and talk. … You'll be surprised at how fresh air drives fresh thinking.” 
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
5 ways to kill your dreams: 
Watch these bio-engineers print a human heart:  
"You can chase your dreams at any age; you're never too old." 
"The human spirit can overcome anything if it has hope." 
Mars might hold the secret to the origin of life: 
5 #TEDTalks for understanding the drug trade:  
"Why is it that raising our children is associated with so much anguish and confusion?" 
How do we solve a problem like the climate crisis? 
A kinder, gentler philosophy of success: 
How tiny invisible microbes shape your life in ways you'd never expect: 
"A child who has not been read to is in danger when they get to school." 
“A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.” 
Want to learn Chinese? Start with these simple characters:  
Common myths about what makes you live longer, debunked: 
How does your memory work? 7 #TEDTalks explain: 
"Why don't we ask for the things we need?" A simple way to be more open with those you love: 
"When people pursue money too avidly, they forget about the basic pleasures of life."  
A fascinating, funny look at how birds fly in sync: 
How your friends affect your health and happiness -- for better or for worse: 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
Why 80 people put on blue polo shirts and khaki pants and stood around in a Best Buy: 
The 9 limits of our planet... and how we've raced past 4 of them: 
7 TED Talks on the art of meaningful conversation: 
"We have within us the capacity to manufacture the happiness we are constantly chasing." 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
"When I justify bad choices, I make it harder for women to achieve equality, and I need to own that." — @rgay 
"I would rather be a bad feminist than no feminist at all." — @rgay 
The real Jurassic World involves a lot more chickens: 
This app knows how you feel from the look on your face:  @kaliouby
Why it's time to forget the pecking order at work:  @M_Heffernan
A moving song from women in prison for life: 
"We do ourselves a disservice if we give up on people. Nobody is beyond some kind of restorative process." 
8 #TEDTalks to help you understand racism in America: 
"What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E = mc² for intelligence that I've seen." 
How do you make toast? This strange question can help you solve your biggest problems at work: 
How to talk about climate change with skeptics: 
Why women entrepreneurs are the example, not the exception: 
"I'm kind of obsessed with flags." And now you will be too. 
"We cannot bear a pointless torment, but we can endure great pain if we believe that it's purposeful." 
Done with small talk? Have more interesting conversations: 
The extraordinary lessons one woman learned from her autistic brothers: 
Why is biodiversity so important? A fun lesson from @TED_ED: 
"All the major threats facing us today are problems entirely of our own making." 
Meet the spinosaurus, a dinosaur that looks like a "dragon from deep time": 
"If we don't expect more from each other, hope better for one another, and recover from hurt, we are surely doomed." 
9 #TEDTalks that prove you already live in the future: 
Confused by commas? A clever way to remember when you need a comma:  via @TED_ED
"Empower everybody to use their judgment, their intelligence." 
"Art can remake one's identity and transform preconceptions." 
"We're all going to die -- and poems can help us live with that." A love letter to poetry: 
"Art can remake one's identity and transform preconceptions." 
These 10 #TEDTalks are perfect for binge-watching: 
4 reasons why talented women don't thrive in tech: 
The real reason why humans run the world:  
9 #TEDTalks that celebrate sweet dads:  #FathersDay 
A father-daughter bond, one photo at a time:  #FathersDay
An adorable father-daughter dance at Richmond City Jail:  #FathersDay 
How we can use bacteria to detect cancer (and maybe treat it): 
"Your story is yours alone. Nobody can tell you that your personal experience is 'wrong' or discredit your feelings." 
How to overcome the fears that hold you back: 
"If I want to paint your portrait, I'm painting it on you - physically on you."  
7 books that shaped @GilbertLiz as a writer:  
“Spending on other people has a bigger return for you than spending on yourself.” 
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why: 
How open data is being used to do extraordinary things, beyond what we could have imagined: 
Want to be a better writer? 4 @TED_ED lessons on grammar and word choice: 
"When you’re attempting something outside the norm, you need unshakable faith in your ability to make it happen." 
“We think we have to be successful, then we’ll be happier. But our brains work in the opposite order." 
13 brilliant teens who will give you hope for the future: 
Do hangry, defriend and adorkable count as "real" words? 
Want to recharge your creative spirits? Try this: 
"Dictionaries are human, and they are not timeless." How they reflect our changing language: 
"Color blindness is very dangerous because it means we're avoiding the problem." 
8 #TEDTalks to give you a confidence boost:  
"The greater our proficiency, the more clearly we see that we don't know all we thought we did." 
Great science fiction writers don't just imagine the future, they shape it: 
6 #TEDTalks on remembering those we've lost:  
We need more women in tech. Here's how to make that happen: 
The bizarre story of a groundbreaking piece of WWII technology with a deeply unexpected result: 
The unrecognized health crisis that affects all of us:  
"If a little boy leads, there's no negative word for it; it's expected. But if a little girl leads, she's bossy." 
What if you could print your food with customized nutrition? The fascinating future of 3D printing: 
"I wouldn't wish this gift for you. I'm not sure you'd want it. But I wouldn't change my experience." 
7 #TEDTalks to make your commute go faster: 
"What we process, we learn. If we're not processing life, we're not living it." 
This is what it's like to grow up as a young black man in America: 
A powerful letter from a man who escaped slavery in 1855:  #Juneteenth
My hopes, dreams, fears for my future black son:  A powerful letter by poet @ClintSmithIII.
Is our universe the only universe? An exhilarating case for the multiverse: 
8 #TEDTalks to watch when your family is driving you nuts:  
12 #TEDTalks to restore your faith in humanity: 
An 11-year-old prodigy performs old-school jazz:  
What is it like to leave North Korea? Ask TED speaker Joseph Kim about his experience:  @reddit_AMA
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
If you could erase bad memories, would you do it? The science of memory manipulation: 
7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health: 
How cults hook people in with easy answers to complex questions: 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
"Hard choices are hard because there is no best option." 
"Nobody in the world can succeed alone." 
We're one step closer to the day when we can communicate with our minds: 
How do you take a bath without water? Like this: 
19 photos of human ingenuity at its finest:  
How your friends affect your health and happiness -- for better or for worse: 
"We aim low and we think small when it comes to women. It is time for us to aim higher." 
How to talk to people you strongly disagree with -- and why you should do it more often: 
6 #TEDTalks to watch when someone just stomped on your heart:  
Try these fascinating experiments to see how your mind works:  
This adorable kid just might be the next Steve Jobs:  
12 #TEDTalks to inspire smart conversation: 
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
"I want to shake your confidence that you know your innermost mind." 
How cultures around the world think about choice: 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you feel totally burned out: 
"It's time for us to be comfortable with the uncomfortable conversation about race." 
Be a few minutes late to work. Your brain will thank you: 
10 math talks to blow your mind:  
"Chasing meaning is better for your health than trying to avoid discomfort." 
Which country does the most good for the planet? The answer may surprise you: 
"Every time you tell yourself a good vs evil story, you're basically lowering your IQ." 
What goes on in your brain when you imagine what others are thinking:  
How to buy happiness: 
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who argue with you. 
“The secret to happiness is low expectations.” 
Are you making one of these common password mistakes? 
"I was the mystery of an anatomy, tightroping between awkward boy and apologetic girl." 
What makes you feel good about your work? The scientific answer: 
Happy birthday, Charles Eames! A lively, loving tribute to the famous designer's creative process: 
70+ books to read this summer, recommended by TED speakers:  
When is the last time you did absolutely nothing for 10 minutes? The transformative power of doing just that: 
A powerful poem about what it feels like to be transgender: 
"The influencers of an organization are the network nodes: the people who most often intersect with the most people." 
"Wouldn't it be great if, every once in a while, we did mathematics simply because it was fun or beautiful?" 
"Sanitation work is one of the 10 most dangerous occupations in the US." 
She was one of the first women in tech... and she took it by storm: 
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
How to find the courage to do what you love, even when failure is likely: 
This absurdly popular television program is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry: 
What do babies think? A fascinating look at the developing human mind: 
13 brilliant teens who will give you hope for the future: 
A thrilling look at the first 21 days of a bee’s life: 
A thrilling look at the first 21 days of a bee’s life: 
Why all it takes to be more compassionate is the simple act of noticing: 
"Diets may seem harmless, but they actually do a lot of collateral damage." 
Which is more powerful, emotion or reason? 
"The one constant in our life is change." 
"If you come across a problem that grabs you, let it keep you up at night." 
Why hearing "you're not there yet" is more helpful than hearing you failed: 
Does money make you mean? The psychology of getting rich: 
"We happen to be expressive all the time, even when we're sitting in front of our devices alone." - @kaliouby 
How bad meetings waste your time -- and cost a ton of money: 
"With the smallest investment in the right places, you can radically transform the quality of your life." 
"To really be happy, we need to stay completely immersed and focused on our experience in the moment." 
The future of fake meat:  
11 must-see #TEDTalks: 
7 ways to practice emotional first aid: 
"We have a system of justice that treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent." 
I was held hostage for 317 days. Here's what I thought about: 
6 ideas from creative thinkers to shake up your work routine: 
"Identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most and then build your house right on top of it." 
Why your office should look more like the local pub: 
Why we should stop trying to raise happy children: 
Watch what happens inside the brain during musical improvisation: 
"It wasn't until I let go of the life I thought I should have that I was able to embrace the life waiting for me." 
8 must-read books about business: 
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship: 
"To bring about a safer, more peaceful world in the Middle East, we need to create the space to hear Muslim women." 
This eye-catching subway installation shows slow-motion portraits of everyday New Yorkers:  
"I can't promise my child a life without bias, but I promise to bias my child with multiple perspectives." 
"If you weed out all the error-prone health professionals, there won't be anybody left." 
"We will venture into outer space, and we will start inhabiting it. I have no doubt about it." 
"The world is going to need all of the different kinds of minds to work together." - @DrTempleGrandin 
"If you don’t know you’re a battered wife, you can’t ask for help." How we can help end domestic violence: 
Why playing in the dirt might be great preventative medicine: 
George Takei shares his experience in a Japanese internment camp -- and explains why he still loves his country: 
"Black holes can bang on space-time like mallets on a drum." 
"We all wind up traveling through life, trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything." 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
"We each live in the shadow of a personal apocalypse." 
"What happens to the last community using paper notes when the rest of the world moves to digital currency?" 
"Was I who I had been before the crash, before this road divided my life like the spine of an open book?" 
A human look at the corrosive impact of the American incarceration system: 
How to overcome the fears that hold you back: 
"Everything we blog, everything tweet, and everything we click is a public act of making media." 
This is what it's like to grow up as a young black man in America:  #BlackLivesMatter
"Your rights matter because you never know when you're going to need them." — Edward Snowden 
"To be tender is to accept your loved one's weaknesses." 
Sugar pills, injections of nothing — they often really work: 
Space food! How we're making comfort food for astronauts in space:  
"The FBI is much better at creating terrorists than it is at catching terrorists." 
How one composer writes for specific venues, from underground lounges to Carnegie Hall: 
"In that moment, I knew that I was no longer the choreographer of my life." A stroke of insight: 
"Correctly using computers is the silver bullet for making math education work." 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
"If we don't expect more from each other, hope better for one another, and recover from hurt, we are surely doomed." 
These families are just like yours, with one important difference:  
"I wouldn't trade my autism and my imagination for the world." 
Neil Gaiman reimagines Hansel &amp; Gretel in a haunting story with an unexpected inspiration:  
16 objects you might find in a pawn shop in 2050:  
"You need coalitions of the willing and of the unwilling to make change." 
"We have an oversimplified and increasingly outmoded view of the biological basis of psychiatric disorders." 
8 tips for (mostly) seamless virtual collaboration:  
"You are not a mistake. You are not a deficit. You are not something to be eradicated or rendered obsolete." 
"Tech companies are the world's largest editors. They decide what is too offensive or provocative for you to see." 
Why your worst deeds don't define you: 
Think you have nothing to hide? @ggreenwald dares you to email him your passwords: 
The surprising thing that robots can't do yet: 
"There is really mathematical evidence to say that you should never let the sun go down on your anger." 
Great science fiction writers don't just imagine the future, they shape it: 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think:  
What if you could print your food with customized nutrition? The fascinating future of 3D printing: 
"When you’re attempting something outside the norm, you need unshakable faith in your ability to make it happen." 
"Nobody in the world can succeed alone." 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
Which country does the most good for the planet? You might be surprised:  
"Our brains evolved for a very different world." Why we make bad decisions: 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
Learn how to control someone else's arm with your brain in this unbelievable—and creepy—demo: 
How to talk to people you strongly disagree with -- and why you should do it more often: 
What ants can teach us about the brain, cancer and the Internet: 
Your emails are like postcards that everyone can read. Here's a better option: 
"Governments have become completely disconnected from what actually matters to people." 
"We live in a world stuck in fast-forward." Why we need to slow down: 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
"Your stress response has a built-in mechanism for stress resilience, and that mechanism is human connection." 
"The message a lot of kids get from porn is that good sex is about mechanics." Why that's harmful: 
How to set goals that lead to real change: 
"Every time you tell yourself a good vs evil story, you're basically lowering your IQ." 
Simple ways to raise kids who are creative, confident, and in control of the world around them: 
Should we donate money directly to the poor? A convincing case that yes, we should: 
How sleep really does help restore the mind: 
We need to start a new conversation about infidelity: 
6 must-read books about psychology, recommended by TED speakers: 
The two mistakes we all make when we try to make a decision: 
Want to inspire a young mind? 11 #TEDTalks to watch with kids: 
Why it's so hard to translate jokes and puns -- and how great translators do it: 
How this FBI strategy is actually creating US-based terrorists: 
"Why is it that raising our children is associated with so much anguish and confusion?" 
"There are parts of Canada where dinosaur skeletons are just lying around." 
Done with small talk? Have more interesting conversations: 
"There is always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. If we live out loud, we can trounce the hatred." 
"Abolish all doubt and what's left is not faith, but absolute heartless conviction." 
A delightful ode to language, for all the word-lovers out there: 
Meet the spinosaurus, a dinosaur that looks like a "dragon from deep time": 
How to train your dog, the dog-friendly way: 
The incredible story of how we landed on a comet, for the first time ever: 
"Student questions are the seeds of real learning." Why curiosity is essential to education: 
"Listening is what people who tell stories do first." 
"If nobody told you they loved you today, you remember I do." How one brave principal saved a school: 
"I love my students, and I believe in their possibilities unconditionally." 
Why firstborns are more likely to be senators, CEOs and astronauts than their younger siblings: 
A harrowing story of life during the North Korean famine: 
7 #TEDTalks explore what it's like to be a transgender person: 
This is what it's like to be a teenager in solitary confinement: 
This performance will change the way you think about sex work:  @jonesarah
"The FBI is responsible for more terrorism plots in the United States than any other organization." 
"Juggling work and family are not women's problems; they're family problems." 
Common myths about what makes you live longer, debunked: 
Powerful and practical advice for those who hope to change the world: 
Why 30 is not the new 20: 
10 #TEDTalks by women that everyone should watch: 
This is why laughter is so contagious: 
These are Ben Affleck's favorite #TEDTalks. Just in case you were curious. 
This is what's wrong with what we eat: 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
"Next time you're about to throw out an appliance, don't. Take it apart with your kid." 
The story of Nikola Tesla, or "the greatest geek who ever lived," told with stunning visual flair: 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
Why losing someone you love only makes you want them more: 
"Facts are vulnerable to misuse." How critical thinking can help us make sense of big data: 
This is what it's like to teach in North Korea: 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
"I'm not scared of being vulnerable; I don't see it as a weakness anymore."  
Why do some of us get attacked by mosquitos while others are ignored? Blame our microbes: 
Does body language help a TED Talk go viral?  
"We know these characters aren't real, but we have real feelings about them." 
This is what happens when your slides won't load at a TED conference: 
Are lefties more creative? 10 popular psychology myths, busted: 
The 10 most popular @TEDx talks: 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
8 must-read books about business: 
"You don't need to be brilliant to be wise, but without wisdom, brilliance isn't enough."  
“Time disappears. You forget yourself. You feel part of something larger.” Is this the secret to happiness? 
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who argue with you. 
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
Want to handle stress better? Here's how:  
This week, stop multi-tasking and try this instead: 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list: 
"Separate genders are a constructed fiction. The reality is a gender fluidity that crosses the entire continuum." 
"We're social animals, not rational animals. We emerge out of relationships." 
"The gay rights movement asks us to support justice and equality from a space of love." 
A powerful reminder that we all have a stake in equality: 
How to spot a counterfeit bill:  (via @TED_ED)
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." 
"Chronic loneliness poses as significant a risk for your long-term health and longevity as cigarette smoking." 
"In my experience, there is something addictive about tasting life at the very edge of what's humanly possible." 
"We have got to show our sons a new definition of manhood." 
You might not care about gecko feet now, but you'll love them after this talk: 
"A city is the sum of the relationships between the people who live there." 
"Life is best when it's a bit strange." 
Did you know space ice cream only made it onto one flight? Turns out, it's gross.  
"Real inspiration and growth only comes from stepping out into the unknown." 
"If your life was a book and you were the author, how would you want the story to go?" 
"Bias is not an accusation. It's something that has to be identified, acknowledged and mitigated against." 
How technology is changing our relationships to each other: 
This is music that only a mathematician could write: 
"In music, we take something we love and we build on it." How sampling transformed music: 
How to find peace and quiet in the chaos of daily life:  via @TEDRadioHour
"We do ourselves a disservice if we give up on people. Nobody is beyond some kind of restorative process." 
How tiny invisible microbes shape your life in ways you'd never expect: 
"Sanitation workers are the guardians of public health." Why you should thank the people who clean up after you: 
How to go to space, without having to go to space:  
Why Jane Goodall still has hope that we can save the planet: 
How @instagram is revolutionizing architecture -- and giving you control of how your neighborhood looks: 
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." 
"There are invisible problems all around us -- ones we can solve. But first we need to see them." 
Astronaut @Cmdr_Hadfield performs 'Space Oddity' at the end of his talk. It's amazing. 
"In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever to remember that life is brief and tender." 
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
How love and consumerism have gotten all mixed up: 
"This, for me, is one of the very best images of space science I have ever seen."  
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why: 
"If the startup organization is so great, why do so many fail?" 
"General Tso never saw a stalk of broccoli in his life." The odd story of Americanized Chinese food: 
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
A powerful letter from one woman's great-great-grandfather, who escaped slavery in 1855: 
What we still don't know about male anatomy: 
This artist created a sculptural love letter to Spider-Man:  
"We all have our biases. They are the filters through which we see the world around us." 
"GPS dots will fundamentally reorder your life. Will you be able to resist the temptation to track your fellow man?" 
Chimpanzees have feelings and thoughts. Why they should also have rights:  
"If I get vaccinated, not only am I protecting myself, I am also protecting others." 
Why Amsterdam has the most badass city flag in the world:  
"In health care, we often treat symptoms without addressing the conditions that make you sick in the first place.” 
8 #TEDTalks for people who love food: 
"Affairs are an act of betrayal. They are also an expression of longing and loss." 
"How we die lives on in the minds of everybody who survives us." What makes a good end of life? 
"We have within us the capacity to manufacture the happiness we are constantly chasing." 
"Unconscious bias is not the same as conscious discrimination." 
This is what sets successful startups apart: 
"The dying need to know that their life had meaning." 
"Affairs teach us about relationships — what we expect, what we think we want, and what we feel entitled to." 
"Everything great in life and business is born out of great communication. Sex is no different." 
"It's never been easier to cheat, and it's never been more difficult to keep a secret." 
"We focus on the pursuit of happiness as though it's an object we have to go out and get." 
7 rules for making more happiness: 
5 #TEDTalks on the weird science of love:   
"Happiness is not something we find; it's something we make." 
What do you want to be remembered for at the end of your life? 
"The science is clear; early adversity dramatically affects health across a lifetime." 
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
Why do happy couples cheat? 
"The one constant in our life is change." 
"Perhaps the task of the third act of life is to finish up the task of finishing ourselves." 
3 ways good design makes you happy: 
“The circumstances of our lives matter less to our happiness than the sense of control we feel over our lives.” 
10 beautiful buildings show the future of architecture:  
"There's no escaping the tragedy of life, which is that we are all aging from the day we are born." 
The unrecognized health crisis that affects all of us:  
10 #TEDTalks on how to take charge of your health: 
Want to be happy? Slow down:  
"Monogamy used to be one person for life. Today, monogamy is one person at a time." 
"Satellites are like the canoes our ancestors first pushed out into the water." 
How do you find stillness in the chaos of daily life? 6 TED speakers share their strategies: 
"It's easy to solve a problem that almost everyone sees, but it's hard to solve a problem that almost no one sees." 
"The pyramid of life in the ocean and our own lives on land are intricately connected."  
These beautiful bamboo homes reinvent how we understand architecture: 
How should we talk about mental health? Thoughtful ideas from experts: 
7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health: 
"What if there are things that even a good relationship can never provide?" 
"As a product designer, I try to see the world the way it really is, not the way we think it is." 
6 curious kids interview their moms about life and love:  
How your friends affect your health and happiness -- for better or for worse: 
"Architecture is about those visceral, emotional connections that we feel to the places we occupy." 
The single biggest reason why startups succeed: 
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
"Biodiversity underpins all life on earth, and yet we keep destroying it."  
"I believe that self-mockery is one of the best means for a relationship to endure." 
Learn how we create our own happiness in this fascinating, classic talk: 
10 real-life love stories that'll grab you by the heart:  
How the American diet is wrecking global health: 
"When people pursue money too avidly, they forget about the basic pleasures of life."  
The stunning life story of a transgender business icon who refused to take no for an answer: 
How to make work-life balance work: 
"Thinking about death clarifies your life." How one artist helps you do that:  
"You can work to change your relationship to your past." 
These artists paint neighborhoods to give them new life. Hear their funny, inspiring story:  
"Joy is so important to your health." Why healthy behaviors won't stick unless there's some joy in them: 
"It wasn't until I let go of the life I thought I should have that I was able to embrace the life waiting for me." 
A stunning dance performance by a living legend:  
Does money make you mean? The psychology of getting rich: 
"With the smallest investment in the right places, you can radically transform the quality of your life." 
6 studies on how money affects the mind: 
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
"The harmful effects of stress on your health are not inevitable -- how you think can transform stress." 
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
How to buy happiness: 
How bad meetings waste your time -- and cost a ton of money: 
"To really be happy, we need to stay completely immersed and focused on our experience in the moment." 
"Your overnight success story is always a result of everything you've done in your life through that moment." 
A moving song from women in prison for life: 
This is what happens when you lose everything: 
This is why laughter is so contagious: 
How to communicate more effectively: 
By age two, this prodigy's musical ear had already outstripped that of most adults: 
Which is more powerful, emotion or reason? 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
"Movements don't start with a grand convention. It starts with just a few people, maybe just one." 
A fascinating, funny look at how birds fly in sync: 
Why 80 people put on blue polo shirts and khaki pants and stood around in a Best Buy: 
Why do some of us get attacked by mosquitos while others are ignored? Blame our microbes: 
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
This is what happens when your slides won't load at a TED conference: 
These jaw-dropping photos show what it's like to surf in the toughest conditions:  
7 fascinating studies show what motivates us at work (other than money):  
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
"Stop this notion that you need to plan everything, and focus on being connected, always learning, fully present." 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
6 #TEDTalks to watch when someone just stomped on your heart:   
The creepy story of the world's most hated pest:  
How we sabotage our own success: 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you need a reminder that life is beautiful: 
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you're stuck in a rut: 
"If you have dreams, it's your responsibility to make them happen." 
"The only way to really achieve all of your dreams is to fully enjoy every step of your journey." 
"Clouds are the most egalitarian of nature's displays, because we all have a fantastic view of the sky." 
How the teddy bear came to be, and why that strange story matters so much now: 
Someday soon, your bag of chips could spy on you: 
"I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys, because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me." 
Inside Rosetta's mind-boggling mission to land on a comet 4 billion miles away:  
"People want to be allowed to be virtuous. They want to have permission to do the right thing." 
This is how static electricity works:  via @TED_ED
How we can painlessly generate vast quantities of new bone: 
How a blind man uses echolocation to see the world with his ears: 
"Talking about virtual reality is like dancing about architecture." 
"I'm kind of obsessed with flags." And now you will be too.  @romanmars
"Education allows refugee children to think of their future. Of hope, rather than hatred." 
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
Robots that slither, climb, and crawl...and train for the World Cup:  
"My 12th grade teacher inspired me to always strive for more, but to have a critical eye for the world around me." 
10 surprisingly viral #TEDTalks: 
A critical look at our culture's narrow definition of beauty: 
"Even as a kid, or maybe even especially as a kid, my voice mattered." 
"Listen to understand. By just being there, you may be the turning point they need." 
Mars might hold the secret to the origin of life: 
"70% of fathers and 65% of mothers exhibit a preference for at least one child." The impact of sibling favoritism: 
"Together, this is the one form of child abuse that we could eradicate in our lifetime." 
How do you make toast? This strange question can help you solve your biggest problems at work: 
How you pick up accents, favorite foods and more -- before you're even born: 
"We have no way to vote on what happens to the present and future of humanity." 
"We have got to show our sons a new definition of manhood." 
"I'm confident that solar will beat everything, hands down, including natural gas." - Elon Musk 
"Real inspiration and growth only comes from stepping out into the unknown." 
"Every one of us in this room, we have a choice as to what kind of difference we want to make." 
This is why siblings fight so much: 
13 brilliant teens who will give you hope for the future: 
"Abolish all doubt and what's left is not faith, but absolute heartless conviction." 
"The influencers of an organization are the network nodes: the people who most often intersect with the most people." 
Meet the spinosaurus, a dinosaur that looks like a "dragon from deep time": 
"Love is in us. It's deeply embedded in the brain. Our challenge is to understand each other." 
These two young scientists found a creative way to break down plastic: 
"There is always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. If we live out loud, we can trounce the hatred." 
"Sanitation work is one of the 10 most dangerous occupations in the US." 
7 books that shaped @GilbertLiz as a writer:  
"Are there dark, sinister parasites influencing our behavior?" 
Watch the first female on @RollingStone's "guitar god" list play her breakout single: 
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
"This octopus was playing, which is a pretty sophisticated behavior for a mere invertebrate." 
"Society decides when we are old. But we all feel younger than our real ages." 
This was one of the first women in tech -- and she took it by storm: 
This is why laughter is so contagious: 
What makes us happy? 10 #TEDTalks explain: 
Are you making one of these common password mistakes? 
This week, stop multi-tasking and try this instead: 
These are Ben Affleck's favorite #TEDTalks. Just in case you were curious. 
7 #TEDTalks to watch when you need a reminder that you're not alone:  
"Nobody in the world can succeed alone." 
A thrilling look at the first 21 days of a bee’s life: 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you need a reminder that life is beautiful: 
"Your overnight success story is always a result of everything you've done in your life through that moment." 
How to turn small talk into smart conversation: 
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
"The person you are right now is as transient, as fleeting and as temporary as all the people you've ever been." 
5 #TEDTalks with great advice for graduates:  
A stunning dance performance by a living legend:  
Want to handle stress better? Here's how:  
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who argue with you. 
The unintended consequences of being 'tough on crime': 
"Facts are vulnerable to misuse." How critical thinking can help us make sense of big data: 
If you drive a car, you'll want to watch this talk: 
Stunning photos show the power of water and how it shapes our world:  
Should we donate money directly to the poor? A convincing case that yes, we should: 
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
19 photos of human ingenuity at its finest:  
Texts from teens build real-time maps of crisis in America:  via @WIRED #TEDWomen
@axelletess Hi Axelle, that's a retired account. Our primary coverage for every conference is now on @TEDTalks. Hashtag is #TEDWomen :)
That's a wrap, folks! We hope you enjoyed #TEDWomen -- watch for the talks online soon! 
Why we need to make space for everyone when talking about abortion:  via @Cosmopolitan @AspenBaker #TEDWomen
"You bring to a crisis the person you already are." — @TheRobinMorgan, on strength in adversity #TEDWomen
"There are stories of hope and courage in every corner of the world." - @outandaround, on the global movement for LGBT equality #TEDWomen
"Equality is not a Western invention." @outandaround celebrates the LGBT community around the world:  #TEDWomen
"Women’s rights and religion are not mutually exclusive, but we have to be at the table." -@almmura, peace expert #TEDWomen
“The only way to ensure the full participation of women, globally, is by reclaiming religion.” - @almmura #TEDWomen
How women ended up on the front lines in Afghanistan:  @gaylelemmon 
"This unlikely band of warriors prove that women can be heroes too." — @gaylelemmon #TEDWomen 
"Women's sense of self has always been kind of porous, but our 'we' is our saving grace." - @janefonda #TEDWomen 
"As I've gotten older, I've really understood the value of friendships, so I make an effort to reach out." - @janefonda #TEDWomen
The incomparable guitarist @KakiKing shared her latest music at #TEDWomen. Check out her work here: 
The remarkable origins of the U.N.'s @HeForShe campaign:  via @FastCompany #TEDWomen
Roxane Gay at #TEDWomen: ‘We Demand Perfection Of Feminists. We Do Not Need To Do That.'  via @HuffPostWomen
"If I'm going to push my students toward their dream and purpose in life, I have to get to know who they are." Linda Cliatt-Wayman #TEDWomen
"For far too many kids who live in poverty, their schools are not really schools at all." - Linda Cliatt-Wayman #TEDWomen
Haunting performance by @somimusic, one of our extraordinary @TEDFellow artists. Check out her music:  #TEDWomen
“Far beyond definition as single right or wrong decisions, our personal experiences can exist on a spectrum.” — @AspenBaker #TEDWomen
“If we truly listen to one another, we will hear things that demand we shift our perceptions.” — @AspenBaker of @ExhaleProVoice #TEDWomen
“It can be vulnerable and exhausting to tell our own stories when we feel like nobody cares.” — @AspenBaker of @ExhaleProVoice #TEDWomen
"Glaciers are trying to tell us something." @exploreice uses hydrophones to listen to melting glaciers. #TEDWomen 
"Having Asperger’s can be viewed as a disadvantage. But it's also a gift. It allows me to think creatively." — Alix Generous #TEDWomen
"We cannot fully empower women and girls unless we engage boys and men. We know this." - Michael Kimmel #TEDWomen
"We have the data to prove to men that gender equality is not a zero-sum game, but a win-win." - Michael Kimmel #TEDWomen
@BrandedByAmit thanks, you too!
Want to be a powerful speaker? 12 tips for giving a great talk:  @courtwrites
14-year-old @sstevensmusic just wowed the audience at #TEDWomen. Her voice is flawless. Listen here: 
"Climate change is the greatest threat to human rights in the 21st century." — Mary Robinson, first female president of Ireland #TEDWomen
"Title IX is here to protect us, but we still have to get hearts and minds to match legislation." - @BillieJeanKing #TEDWomen
"I felt like, if I lose, it’s going to put women back 50 years at least." - @BillieJeanKing, on her historic 1973 tennis match #TEDWomen
"We can end child marriage in a generation; when girls can come together and say, I’ll marry when I want." — @Memorybanda75 #TEDWomen
"We cannot only train women and forget about the men. We should train men to know the potential of women." - Sakena Yacoobi #TEDWomen
"I hope you'll join me as a champion for women &amp; girls to protect their human rights." - President Carter #TEDWomen 
President Jimmy Carter wants women to know this about their role in shaping the future. #TEDWomen 
"I want to use tech and data to make the world a better place." — @nancylublin on life-saving @crisistextline #TEDWomen
When underwater creatures move, they leave behind footprints called "hydrodynamic signatures." #TEDWomen 
@maria_bello Beautiful talk, Maria!
Incredible performance by @belafleckbanjo and @abigailwashburn at #TEDWomen. Check out their music: 
"My hope is that you will get rid of the labels that hold you back and embrace the ones that empower you." — @maria_bello #TEDWomen
"Insects break a lot of the rules we humans have about sex roles. They make us question what's normal and natural." - Marlene Zuk #TEDWomen
"You could have an insect-of-the-month calendar and not need to reuse a species for over 80,000 years."" — Marlene Zuk #TEDWomen
We're back at the original TED stage for #TEDWomen! It all started here in 1984... 
"Let us not be defined by the destruction of one virus, but illuminated by billions of minds working in unity." — @pardissabeti #TEDWomen
"Ebola, like all threats to humanity, is fueled by the walls we build amongst each other." — @pardissabeti #TEDWomen
@e_nyamayaro @AsalBeauty Your talk was fantastic!
"The more segregation we have, the less we can confront conscious and unconscious bias." — @RichBenjaminUSA #TEDWomen
"Our bodies become lessons about sin way before we learn how to love them." - @blackboishine, on being transgender. #TEDWomen
@rgay And there's that mojo ;). Nailed it.
"We demand perfection of feminists. We go far beyond reasonable criticism. We do not need to do that." - @rgay #TEDWomen
"When we talk about the needs of women, we have to consider the other identities we inhabit. We are not just women." - @rgay #TEDWomen
"It is not our gender that defines us, but our shared humanity. @HeForShe is about uplifting all of us together." — @e_nyamayaro #TEDWomen
"What we share is much more powerful than what divides us. We all want the same things." — @e_nyamayaro #TEDWomen #HeForShe
"Leaders create the conditions in which everyone can do their most courageous thinking together." — @M_Heffernan #TEDWomen
"What distinguishes high-performing teams is helpfulness. They have to be really good at giving and getting help." — @M_Heffernan #TEDWomen
Is virtual reality the future of journalism? @immersivejourno brings unprecedented empathy to news stories.  #TEDWomen
Fantastic performance by @Ellabric at #TEDWomen. Check out her music here: 
These rings vibrate when you get calls, texts, emails and more. @jetpea makes wearable tech fashionable. #TEDWomen 
What will the world be like when our computers have an emotion chip? @kaliouby answers at #TEDWomen: 
This app reads your facial expressions and figures out how you feel. @kaliouby @Affectiva #TEDWomen 
Robots like this one go into disaster zones and assess the damage in places people can't reach. #TEDWomen 
Achenyo Idachaba transforms harmful agro-waste into gorgeous handcrafted goods. #TEDWomen 
#TEDWomen is underway! Can't wait to share all the amazing speakers with you! 
@rgay Knock 'em dead today, Roxane ;)
11 TED Talks by brilliant women in STEM:  #ThankYouSTEMWomen
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why: 
What do babies think? A fascinating look at the developing human mind: 
"Complaining is viral misery." 
@rgay You're not the only one! And lots of great talks have been read from scripts -- our favorite is Chimamanda Adichie's gorgeous talk.
Learn how to control someone else's arm with your brain in this unbelievable—and creepy—demo: 
3 quick and clever poems about odd love: 
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship: 
7 ways to practice emotional first aid: 
I was held hostage for 317 days. Here's what I thought about: 
4 powerful #TEDTalks on the importance of educating girls: 
"Celebrate your own style. Don't draw the way you're being told to draw. Draw the way you're drawing." 
How America's justice system fails our children: 
"My image is already inside the paper. I just have to remove what's not from that story."  
How to overcome the fears that hold you back: 
"What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E = mc² for intelligence that I've seen." 
"The world is going to need all of the different kinds of minds to work together." - @DrTempleGrandin 
Comedian John @Hodgman's detalied, hilarious proof of the existence of aliens (and, even stranger, love): 
"What's it like to be a baby? It's like being in love in Paris for the first time after three double-espressos." 
Done with small talk? Have more interesting conversations: 
"If you're feeling fear and despair, your mind narrows down to very safe and conservative ways of thinking." 
More women have died of heart disease than men in the past decades. Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
"Why is it that raising our children is associated with so much anguish and confusion?" 
"We each live in the shadow of a personal apocalypse." 
A delightful ode to language, for all the word-lovers out there: 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
"The government knows far too much about what goes on behind closed doors." 
"Empower everybody to use their judgment, their intelligence." 
"Stress, worry, anger all decrease with age." Why older people are happier: 
How we found the worst place to park in New York City -- using big data:  
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." 
"Wouldn't it be great if, every once in a while, we did mathematics simply because it was fun or beautiful?" 
This absurdly popular television program is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry: 
"Mastery is not a commitment to a goal, but to a constant pursuit." 
Can we use "people maps" to predict the next Ferguson? 
"How we look, though it is superficial and immutable, has a huge impact on our lives." 
How to find the courage to do what you love, even when failure is likely: 
"When we dare to create conflict, we enable ourselves and the people around us to do our very best thinking." 
"We're all going to die -- and poems can help us live with that." A love letter to poetry: 
"Visual information is effortless, and if you're navigating a dense information jungle, it's a relief." 
"What if we decided to search for those small coincidences in life that are truly amazing?" 
Powerful and practical advice for those who hope to change the world: 
@rgay We're excited to see you there!!
The extraordinary lessons one woman learned from her autistic brothers: 
How to find creative inspiration all around you: 
Why your office should look more like the local pub: 
An EMT shares how he answers the question: "Am I dying?" 
How to save the world from unnecessary meetings (because seriously, enough is enough): 
Common myths about what makes you live longer, debunked: 
"Let's make sure our ideas of success are our own, that we are truly the authors of our own ambitions." 
"Conscious listening always creates understanding." How to listen better: 
"At work, we're often so busy 'communicating' that we don't have time to think." 
"Let's make technologies that make people more human, and not less." 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
"Student questions are the seeds of real learning." Why curiosity is essential to education: 
“Spending on other people has a bigger return for you than spending on yourself.” 
How people around the world think about parenting: 
“A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.” 
How does your memory work? 7 #TEDTalks explain: 
"If you want to be fully human and fully humane, I think you need to learn to live, not without regret, but with it." 
"We have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned." 
"There is really mathematical evidence to say that you should never let the sun go down on your anger." 
"Juggling work and family are not women's problems; they're family problems." 
How to grow a mini-forest in your own backyard to do your part for a greener planet:   
Why 30 is not the new 20: 
"A child who has not been read to is in danger when they get to school." 
Intimate photos of Afghanistan that go beyond the headlines:  
"Any conversation about global poverty that doesn't include the problem of violence must be deemed not serious." 
"Everything great in life and business is born out of great communication. Sex is no different." 
10 #TEDTalks by women that everyone should watch: 
"Next time you're about to throw out an appliance, don't. Take it apart with your kid." 
A lovely reminder to treat others as you want to be treated: 
When is the last time you did absolutely nothing for 10 minutes? The transformative power of doing just that: 
"Our minds and our feelings are not the trustworthy friends we thought they were." 
"The chance for greatness, for progress and for change dies the moment we try to be like someone else.” 
“Our bodies change our minds, and our minds can change our behavior, and our behavior can change our outcomes.” 
"This happened to me because I was born a girl in the wrong place."  
The unrecognized health crisis that affects all of us:  
"We're hurrying through our lives, instead of actually living them." Why we need to slow down: 
Stuck in middle management? Here's what you need to know if you want a top leadership position: 
"The one constant in our life is change." 
Why all it takes to be more compassionate is the simple act of noticing: 
"The miracle of your mind isn't that you can see the world as it is. It's that you can see the world as it isn't." 
"Our creativity comes from without, not from within." 
Remember back in the day when you did one thing at a time? You should try that again. 
"Art can remake one's identity and transform preconceptions." 
"The key to maximizing our talents is for us all to put ourselves in the zone of stimulation that is right for us." 
Why dieting doesn't usually work: 
"We develop our worldview in order to help us manage the terror of death." 
"If you come across a problem that grabs you, let it keep you up at night." 
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
How we can nurture and celebrate different ways of thinking: 
A great memory is not a gift -- it's learned. Here's a simple way to improve your memory: 
Why hearing "you're not there yet" is more helpful than hearing you failed: 
How to manage the emotional roller coaster of creativity: 
"Every language is just a group of people who agree to understand each other." 
"Diets may seem harmless, but they actually do a lot of collateral damage." 
11 must-see #TEDTalks: 
"Happiness is not just the absence of misery." 
Once you hear these ideas, they'll come up in daily life all the time: 
How the psychology of choice differs around the world: 
"I'm not scared of being vulnerable; I don't see it as a weakness anymore."  
"Discover what it is that gives you pain, and then refuse to inflict that pain on anybody else." 
Why we should stop trying to raise happy children: 
"Aging is the upward ascension of the human spirit, bringing us into wisdom, wholeness and authenticity." 
"Go after what it is that creates meaning in your life and trust yourself to handle the stress that follows." 
"We know these characters aren't real, but we have real feelings about them." 
"It wasn't until I let go of the life I thought I should have that I was able to embrace the life waiting for me." 
"We have a system of justice that treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent." 
"We were able to grow about a salad a week in a typical New York City apartment window."  
3 bits of advice that every twenty-something needs to hear: 
"You don't need to be brilliant to be wise, but without wisdom, brilliance isn't enough."  
Introduce your family to TED with these classic talks: 
"30 days is just about the right amount of time to add a new habit or subtract a habit from your life." 
7 TED Talks on the art of meaningful conversation: 
"Apologize for what you have done, but never apologize for who you are." 
Learn how we create our own happiness in this fascinating, classic talk: 
Why losing someone you love only makes you want them more: 
"Companies fail because they missed the future." - Google CEO Larry Page 
This is what teens really want to know about sex:  
"Why don't we ask for the things we need?" A simple way to be more open with those you love: 
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and trust." 
"Thinking about death clarifies your life." How one artist helps you do that:  
The future of fake meat:  
The story of Nikola Tesla, or "the greatest geek who ever lived," told with stunning visual flair: 
3 ways people react when they learn they're about to die: 
What Fabien Cousteau learned from living underwater for 31 days:  
"Biodiversity underpins all life on earth, and yet we keep destroying it."  
"I am not normal. I’ve seen things most people have never seen, and I have a responsibility not to be silent." 
"Chasing meaning is better for your health than trying to avoid discomfort." 
The killer American diet that's sweeping the planet: 
Are lefties more creative? 10 popular psychology myths, busted: 
10 questions to ask your family around the dinner table: 
Solve your biggest problems at work with this fun drawing exercise: 
6 ideas from creative thinkers to shake up your work routine: 
These artists paint neighborhoods to give them new life. Hear their inspiring story:  
@ThunderNixon @romanmars This is awesome, Stephen! Would you be willing to send it to us to possibly share on our blogs or social media?
“Perception is subjective. What we think we see is filtered through our own mind’s eye.” 
The science of setting goals: 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list: 
Watch what happens inside the brain during musical improvisation: 
The 10 most popular @TEDx talks: 
Think you're an understanding person? Try this radical experiment in empathy: 
4 tips for better thinking from inventors who made big mistakes: 
Will our kids be a different species? Why we might be evolving faster than we think: 
"Identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most and then build your house right on top of it." 
Your emails are like postcards that everyone can read. Here's a better option: 
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
A bitingly funny look at how suburbia makes us miserable:  
6 studies on how money affects the mind: 
The one thing that completely saps your motivation at work: 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
8 must-read books about business: 
Why do some of us get attacked by mosquitos while others are ignored? Blame our microbes: 
"Celebrate your own style. Don't draw the way you're being told to draw. Draw the way you're drawing." 
This super-thin 3-inch disk can levitate something 70,000 times its own weight. Here's how:  
This is what happens when your slides won't load at a TED conference: 
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
The math and magic of origami:  
How your brain creates meaning and makes sense of big ideas:  
Are you easily fooled by statistics? Test yourself with the quizzes in this talk: 
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
The dirty secret you need to know about your cell phone: 
A non-cheesy guide to gratefulness:  
11 biomaterials that can heal the human body (including biting ants):  
"Stop this notion that you need to plan everything, and focus on being connected, always learning, fully present." 
Beautiful photos of abandoned Italian villages:  
Everything you need to knock your next presentation out of the park: 
Want to recharge your creative spirits? Try this: 
"The thing that makes Goliath seem strong is the source of his greatest weakness." 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
"I don't think it's an exaggeration that a major catalyst for moral change has been the situation comedy." 
10 stunning buildings show the future of architecture:  
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship: 
The two mistakes we all make when we try to make a decision: 
The amazing science of lab-grown organs:  
5 ways to kill your dreams: 
How cults hook people in with easy answers to complex questions: 
"If an artwork is to touch someone, it must be the result of the artist’s thinking and struggles in life.” 
"We have sold ourselves into a fast food model of education, and it's impoverishing our spirit." 
4 powerful #TEDTalks on the importance of educating girls: 
Crush your next presentation with the help of these #TEDTalks: 
9 trippy TED Talks:  
What would happen if you followed every single piece of health advice you heard? This guy tried it: 
"A language is not just a body of vocabulary or a set of grammatical rules. It's a flash of the human spirit." 
Is math discovered or invented? A thought-provoking answer from @TED_ED: 
3 quick and clever poems about odd love: 
"If you censor one journalist, it intimidates others, and soon nations are silenced." 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
"The quantum universe is far stranger than Einstein wanted to believe." His last great contribution to physics: 
How your brain creates meaning and makes sense of big ideas:  
Why do we talk about sex with baseball terminology? Let's try this metaphor instead: 
"The reality is, hackers can do a lot more than break things. They can bring people together." 
"Dealing with other people demands a kind of flexibility that no set of rules can encompass." 
This @TEDFellow wants to hold bad New York City landlords accountable: 
The unintended consequences of being 'tough on crime': 
"Studying the asteroids is like performing forensics on our solar system." 
Why playing in the dirt might be great preventative medicine: 
How we can painlessly generate vast quantities of new bone: 
Can you guess someone's political party based on their name? Try these fun psych quizzes: 
"How do you turn a park into a place where people want to be? You tap into your humanity." 
How online "filter bubbles" warp your view of the world: 
A fascinating look at a culture where funerals are a raucous, public affair: 
"What the drug cartels run is, quite literally, a franchise business." How they do it:  
This new video technology reveals an object's hidden properties, with mindblowing implications: 
"We've been fishing the seas like we clear-cut forests. It's hard to overstate the destruction." 
"There is recovery. There is redemption." How one man recovered from a seemingly incurable depression: 
Can you guess someone's political party based on their name? Try these fun psych quizzes: 
"Your rights matter because you never know when you're going to need them." — Edward Snowden 
A powerful reminder that we all have a stake in equality: 
How online "filter bubbles" warp your view of the world: 
"The media have to decide: Do they see their role as being to inflame or to inform?" 
"The most hostile voices represented the parts of me that hurt most profoundly." A story of schizophrenia: 
Check out @TED_ED's interactive periodic table! It's seriously addictive...  
"We will venture into outer space, and we will start inhabiting it. I have no doubt about it." 
"Machine intelligence is the last invention that humanity will ever need to make." 
“There’s a very personal price to public humiliation, and the growth of the Internet has jacked up that price.” 
This is how static electricity works:  via @TED_ED
"Much is to be gained by eBooks, but something is definitely lost: a sensual experience, a little bit of humanity." 
The extraordinary lessons one woman learned from her autistic brothers: 
"All the major threats facing us today are problems entirely of our own making." 
"Words are like LEGO. If you use enough force, you can put any two of them together." 
"Once there is super intelligence, the fate of humanity may depend on what the super intelligence does." 
Powerful photos show the reality of life on Native American reservations:  
"Nowhere is magical unless you can bring the right eyes to it." 
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
How to spot a counterfeit bill:  (via @TED_ED)
"You are not a mistake. You are not a deficit. You are not something to be eradicated or rendered obsolete." 
The hidden force in global economics is something rather unexpected: Love.  
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." 
"Your story is yours alone. Nobody can tell you that your personal experience is 'wrong' or discredit your feelings." 
"All you have in life is your reputation." 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you feel totally burned out: 
"Those who fail get another opportunity. We always get another opportunity." 
"Work is not just something I do when I'd rather be doing something else." 
By age two, this prodigy's musical ear had already outstripped that of most adults: 
If you could erase bad memories, would you do it? The science of memory manipulation: 
How open data is being used to do extraordinary things, beyond what we could have imagined: 
"We're asking kids who live in the most disadvantaged neighborhoods to basically never do anything wrong." 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
"I was chained by a metal cable to my bed, so I could do only four small steps. I always dreamt of the fifth one." 
11 must-see #TEDTalks: 
This beautiful, playful school is designed to let kids be kids: 
This is what your brain was doing while you were sleeping: 
3 bits of advice that every twenty-something needs to hear: 
"Our evolved sexuality is in direct conflict with many aspects of the modern world." 
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who argue with you. 
"Clouds are the most egalitarian of nature's displays, because we all have a fantastic view of the sky." 
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
"With increased wealth and profits has to come greater corporate social responsibility." - Paul Tudor Jones II 
How the teddy bear came to be, and why that strange story matters so much now: 
"The key to heroism is to act when other people are passive." 
What if it doesn't rain? How satellite technology helps African farmers insure against drought: 
"If you don’t know you’re a battered wife, you can’t ask for help." How we can help end domestic violence: 
What will sports look like in the future? How science and technology are changing the playing field: 
Want to change the culture of the company you work for? Ask @M_Heffernan how to do it in her @reddit_AMA: 
These are the unintended consequences of being "tough on crime": 
Why playing in the dirt might be great preventative medicine: 
"Everything we blog, everything tweet, and everything we click is a public act of making media." 
"If you live with your head in the clouds every now and then, it helps you keep your feet on the ground." 
"Even as a kid, or maybe even especially as a kid, my voice mattered." 
"Nobody sensible simply wants more trust. Sensible people want to place their trust where it is deserved." 
"People want to be allowed to be virtuous. They want to have permission to do the right thing." 
"We have to let machines evolve and learn like children." How this strange robot taught itself to walk: 
The real Jurassic Park involves a lot more chickens: 
"Talking about virtual reality is like dancing about architecture." 
How playing an instrument benefits your brain:  via @TED_ED
"Machine intelligence is the last invention that humanity will ever need to make." 
10 surprisingly viral #TEDTalks: 
A human look at the corrosive impact of the American incarceration system: 
How do you make toast? This strange question can help you solve your biggest problems at work: 
This man uses telepresence robots to visit museums around the world from his home:  
Does body language help a TED Talk go viral?  
"I'm kind of obsessed with flags." And now you will be too.  @romanmars
Why city flags may be the worst-designed thing you've never noticed:  @romanmars
Why Amsterdam has the most badass city flag in the world:  @romanmars 
Beautiful footage of... slime?  
A game-changing approach that could resolve deadly conflict in the Congo: 
"70% of fathers and 65% of mothers exhibit a preference for at least one child." The impact of sibling favoritism: 
This charming talk is like listening to your favorite grandfather give you life advice in the living room: 
"Listening is what people who tell stories do first." 
9 #TEDTalks offer new ways to think about death: 
"Language is about being able to see beyond cultural boundaries and find a shared humanity." 
"For too long now, children with developmental disorders have suffered from misdiagnosis." 
This is why siblings fight so much: 
"We have no way to vote on what happens to the present and future of humanity." 
The incredible story of how we landed on a comet, for the first time ever: 
"Mastery is not a commitment to a goal, but to a constant pursuit." 
4,000 children die from this problem every day:  Let's fix it.
These beautiful bamboo homes built by @elorahardy reinvent how we understand architecture: 
Think mass surveillance isn't a problem because you're not doing anything wrong? Think again. 
Why it's so hard to translate jokes and puns -- and how great translators do it: 
"Why can't the energy of anger be translated and harnessed to create a better and beautiful world?" 
"It’s hard to tackle 21st-century globalized problems as 18th-century self-serving nations." 
Here's how we can run the world better:  
This is what's wrong with what we eat: 
Clever, simple ways to use technology more effectively: 
How to turn small talk into smart conversation: 
Want to handle stress better? Here's how:  
Inside the world's best kindergarten:  
"People around the world are getting better medicine -- but mentally, we're falling apart." 
3 ways of thinking with your body: 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
How Star Trek will finally come true:  
Simple lifestyle changes that can actually make your brain bigger: 
17 must-read books about lying:  
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
Stunning photos of old books reborn as intricate art:  
"How come every other organ in your body can get sick and you get sympathy, except the brain?" 
Should paper dictionaries become a thing of the past? 
It's better to rip the BandAid, and other beliefs that we actually have backward: 
Striking footage of big cats in Africa:  
A powerful letter from one woman's great-great-grandfather, who escaped slavery in 1855: 
"We do ourselves a disservice if we give up on people. Nobody is beyond some kind of restorative process." 
Fascinating stories from a space mission to explore Saturn:  
10 #TEDTalks about co-existing peacefully with robots: 
"Are there dark, sinister parasites influencing our behavior?" 
Why is biodiversity so important? A fun lesson from @TED_ED: 
"Real inspiration and growth only comes from stepping out into the unknown." 
"It is our humanity, and all the potential within it, that makes us beautiful." 
How a blind man uses echolocation to see the world with his ears: 
"If a little boy leads, there's no negative word for it; it's expected. But if a little girl leads, she's bossy." 
Can the rift between China and the United States be healed? 
4 powerful #TEDTalks on the importance of educating girls: 
A thrilling look at the first 21 days of a bee’s life: 
6 curious kids interview their moms about life and love at @StoryCorps:  #MothersDay 
Thomas Piketty on why wealth grows faster than the economy, and what this means for our future:  #iq2piketty
"Love is in us. It's deeply embedded in the brain. Our challenge is to understand each other." 
More women have died of heart disease than men in the past decades. Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
These two young scientists found a creative way to break down plastic: 
"We have got to show our sons a new definition of manhood." 
What we still don't know about male anatomy: 
Mars might hold the secret to the origin of life: 
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." 
This is a frozen slice of human brain:  
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why: 
4,000 children die from this problem every day:  Let's fix it.
"You are not a mistake. You are not a deficit. You are not something to be eradicated or rendered obsolete." 
What do babies think? A fascinating look at the developing human mind: 
"The problem is not that the poor don't get laws, it's that they don't get law enforcement." 
An EMT shares how he answers the question: "Am I dying?" 
"There is always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. If we live out loud, we can trounce the hatred." 
The creepy story of the world's most hated pest:  
This is why laughter is so contagious: 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
When it's actually important to sweat the small stuff: 
How Star Trek will finally come true:  
"What is good for us on a personal level is also what is best for the world." 
7 ways to practice emotional first aid: 
"Complaining is viral misery." 
This is what happens when you lose everything: 
The untold story of David and Goliath, or the advantage of being an underdog: 
This was one of the first women in tech -- and she took it by storm: 
“Sitting has become the smoking of our generation.” 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you need a reminder that life is beautiful: 
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
"Your overnight success story is always a result of everything you've done in your life through that moment." 
Listen to a heartwarming interview between @TEDPrize winner @DaveIsay and his mother, Jane: 
Learn how to control someone else's arm with your brain in this unbelievable—and creepy—demo: 
"The chance for greatness, for progress and for change dies the moment we try to be like someone else.” 
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
10 #TEDTalks to help you shake off rejection:  
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
"Big data is going to transform how we live, how we work, and how we think." Here's how: 
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship: 
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you're stuck in a rut: 
"Discover what it is that gives you pain, and then refuse to inflict that pain on anybody else." 
How do you take a bath without water? Like this: 
What if you could print your food with customized nutrition? The fascinating future of 3D printing: 
"Being open to uncertain outcomes and taking risks creates opportunities for unexpected discoveries." 
We need to start a new conversation about infidelity: 
“The secret to happiness is low expectations.” 
9 TED Talks that will change your view of mental illness: 
How cults hook people in with easy answers to complex questions: 
"Aging is the upward ascension of the human spirit, bringing us into wisdom, wholeness and authenticity." 
Why athletes are getting faster, better, stronger: 
How to set goals that lead to real change: 
Let puppies teach you complexity theory:  
I was held hostage for 317 days. Here's what I thought about: 
How sleep really does help restore the mind: 
"The message a lot of kids get from porn is that good sex is about mechanics." Why that's harmful: 
Simple ways to raise kids who are creative, confident, and in control of the world around them: 
This is what happens when your slides won't load at a TED conference: 
What would happen if you followed every single piece of health advice you heard? This guy tried it: 
Can you guess someone's social status from an email? Test yourself: 
100 trillion microbes live in your gut, mouth and skin. Ask Rob Knight why they're so cool in his @reddit_AMA: 
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
In the past 40 years, the United States incarceration rate has grown by 700 percent.  
Why your worst deeds don't define you: 
The lifesaving impact of condoms in Thailand: 
"You need everybody to be involved in trying to provide whatever it is that makes humanity better." 
"Dictionaries are human, and they are not timeless." How they reflect our changing language: 
7 #TEDTalks that will make you love science: 
"How have we convinced ourselves that there is no moral expertise, that every opinion has to count?" 
This week, stop multi-tasking and try this instead: 
Inside Rosetta's mind-boggling mission to land on a comet 4 billion miles away:  
Which country does the most good for the planet? You might be surprised:  
What makes us happy? 10 #TEDTalks explain: 
Why you should sweat the small stuff: 
Are you making one of these common password mistakes? 
Do hangry, defriend and adorkable count as "real" words? What about YOLO? 
"Nobody in the world can succeed alone." 
"You can change a community by capturing the passion, energy and imagination of your own people." 
How to talk to people you strongly disagree with -- and why you should do it more often: 
"When you’re attempting something outside the norm, you need unshakable faith in your ability to make it happen." 
"What we process, we learn. If we're not processing life, we're not living it." 
A provocative debate about how to discuss climate change with skeptics: 
We can use bacteria to detect cancer (and maybe treat it): 
"Chasing meaning is better for your health than trying to avoid discomfort." 
7 books that shaped @GilbertLiz as a writer:  
This MIT computer scientist can hear your conversations by watching a potato-chip bag. Ask him anything @Reddit_AMA! 
The world's largest family reunion (since your current family isn't handful enough): 
This is how your brain creates a sense of self: 
"The person you are right now is as transient, as fleeting and as temporary as all the people you've ever been." 
"We often think of fear as a weakness, but what if we thought of it as an amazing act of the imagination?" 
Want to inspire a young mind? 11 #TEDTalks to watch with kids: 
"We all wind up traveling through life, trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything." 
All the other adjectives are sad that "awesome" gets all the attention. 
"Growing even some of our own food is one of the best things that we can do for the environment." 
"Sleep may actually be a kind of elegant design solution to some of the brain's most basic needs." 
"The influencers of an organization are the network nodes: the people who most often intersect with the most people." 
8 tips for (mostly) seamless virtual collaboration:  
"Many of the greatest teams are scratchy, sharing an impatience with anything less than the best." 
Someday soon, your bag of chips could spy on you: 
Why it's okay to imagine your pets with feelings much like yours: 
"Your stress response has a built-in mechanism for stress resilience, and that mechanism is human connection." 
The secret ingredient that makes some teams better than others:  
A stunning dance performance by a living legend:  
The surprising value of conflict at the office: 
"Stress gives us access to our hearts." The surprising benefits of stress: 
6 must-read books about psychology, recommended by TED speakers: 
6 books to help you answer big questions about yourself:  
Why activists and innovators need to be brave, brave, brave: 
"Poetry is a way of making patterns that put emotions into words." 
"The best time to work on your marriage is before you have one." 
"Why is my daughter so strong? Because I didn't clip her wings." A beautiful talk on empowering women: 
"Sleep may actually be a kind of elegant design solution to some of the brain's most basic needs." 
Meet the spinosaurus, a dinosaur that looks like a "dragon from deep time": 
Feeling sleepy at work? Why your office might need less light, not more: 
"This octopus was playing, which is a pretty sophisticated behavior for a mere invertebrate." 
"Why is it that raising our children is associated with so much anguish and confusion?" 
This is how static electricity works:  via @TED_ED
To celebrate #TeacherAppreciationWeek, the @TED_ED staff reflects on the teachers who shaped them: 
"Sanitation work is one of the 10 most dangerous occupations in the US." 
How you pick up accents, favorite foods and more -- before you're even born: 
"My 12th grade teacher inspired me to always strive for more, but to have a critical eye for the world around me." 
Watch the first female on @RollingStone's "guitar god" list play her breakout single: 
A horrible side effect of mass incarceration? We are priming kids for prison: 
"Play up whatever it is that makes you different, even if you think that some people will find it unattractive." 
11 #TEDTalks about the future of medicine: 
8 #TEDTalks for people who love food: 
"We should call ourselves coctivors, from coquere, to cook. We are the animals who eat cooked food." 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you feel totally burned out: 
The case for engineering our food: 
8 #TEDTalks from inspiring teachers:  #TeacherAppreciationDay
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
"General Tso never saw a stalk of broccoli in his life." The odd story of Americanized Chinese food: 
"Work is not just something I do when I'd rather be doing something else." 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
Learn how to control someone else's arm with your brain in this unbelievable—and creepy—demo: 
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
What if you could print your food with customized nutrition? The fascinating future of 3D printing: 
Be a few minutes late to work. Your brain will thank you: 
How a teen learned 20 languages -- and what he discovered in the process:  
What makes you feel good about your work? The scientific answer: 
"Abolish all doubt and what's left is not faith, but absolute heartless conviction." 
"We weren't using data-driven policing. We were essentially trying to fight crime with yellow Post-it notes." 
Is it actually ironic? 3 @TED_Ed lessons on irony: 
How Facebook designed the "like" button, and why such tiny details matter: 
Want to be a better writer? 4 @TED_ED lessons on grammar and word choice: 
How we can make games like World of Warcraft to solve real-world problems: 
How America's justice system fails our children: 
"Listen to understand. By just being there, you may be the turning point they need." 
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original." 
"We cannot bear a pointless torment, but we can endure great pain if we believe that it's purposeful." 
"If we don't expect more from each other, hope better for one another, and recover from hurt, we are surely doomed." 
"Good fiction is written by people who've read a lot of fiction." - William Gibson 
"We're all on a one-way street, and what are we going to do to have no regrets looking back?" 
Confused by commas? A clever way to remember when you need a comma:  via @TED_ED
13 brilliant teens who will give you hope for the future: 
7 #TEDTalks to make your commute go faster: 
Neil Gaiman reimagines Hansel &amp; Gretel in a haunting story with an unexpected inspiration:  
"Your story is yours alone. Nobody can tell you that your personal experience is 'wrong' or discredit your feelings." 
The hidden force in global economics is something rather unexpected: Love.  
"If I want to paint your portrait, I'm painting it on you - physically on you."  
"Society decides when we are old. But we all feel younger than our real ages." 
Think you have nothing to hide? @ggreenwald dares you to email him your passwords: 
19 photos of human ingenuity at its finest:  
"Four hours of uninterrupted time is the best gift you can give anybody at work." 
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." 
"My parents didn't believe in 'can't.' My father's mantra was, 'You can do it, yes you can can.'" 
How cultures around the world think about choice: 
“The most important quality of science or art is curiosity."  
20 words that once meant something very different: 
"Art can remake one's identity and transform preconceptions." 
"Every time you tell yourself a good vs evil story, you're basically lowering your IQ." 
"The greater our proficiency, the more clearly we see that we don't know all we thought we did." 
Is our universe the only universe? An exhilarating case for the multiverse: 
"We're hurrying through our lives. We're living the fast life, instead of the good life." 
Great science fiction writers don't just imagine the future, they shape it: 
"Our creativity comes from without, not from within." How creative thinkers steal their best ideas: 
"There's plenty of room for moral passion once we've got the facts." 
"I wouldn't wish this gift for you. I'm not sure you'd want it. But I wouldn't change my experience." 
Want to take charge of your healthcare? These 10 #TEDTalks can help: 
"In my view, color blindness is very dangerous because it means we're avoiding the problem." 
"Our brains evolved for a very different world." Why we make bad decisions: 
These are Ben Affleck's favorite #TEDTalks. Just in case you were curious. 
This is what your brain was doing while you were sleeping: 
How your body language shapes who you are: 
"There is always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. If we live out loud, we can trounce the hatred." 
The two mistakes we all make when we try to make a decision: 
What ants can teach us about the brain, cancer and the Internet: 
"A society in which people can be monitored at all times breeds conformity and obedience and submission." 
"Facts are vulnerable to misuse." How critical thinking can help us make sense of big data: 
"Joy is so important to your health." Why healthy behaviors won't stick unless there's some joy in them: 
Stunning photos show the power of water and how it shapes our world:  
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
"If an artwork is to touch someone, it must be the result of the artist’s thinking and struggles in life.” 
"We live in a world stuck in fast-forward." Why we need to slow down: 
"You don't need to be brilliant to be wise. But without wisdom, brilliance isn't enough." 
Why aren't we more compassionate? A thought-provoking answer: 
What would happen if you followed every single piece of health advice you heard? This guy tried it: 
Is math discovered or invented? A thought-provoking answer from @TED_ED: 
This incredible talk got the longest standing ovation in TED's history: 
Should we donate money directly to the poor? A convincing case that yes, we should: 
"We have sold ourselves into a fast food model of education, and it's impoverishing our spirit." 
My hopes, dreams, fears for my future black son:  A powerful letter by poet @ClintSmithIII.
"Prison now stands firmly between the young people trying to make it and the fulfillment of the American dream." 
The data shows we want to end inequality. Here's how to start:  
In the past 40 years, the United States incarceration rate has grown by 700 percent.  
"You are not a mistake. You are not a deficit. You are not something to be eradicated or rendered obsolete." 
How we're priming some kids for college — and others for prison: 
"We're asking kids who live in the most disadvantaged neighborhoods to basically never do anything wrong." 
"My parents raised me and my siblings in an armor of advice, so that we could be kids, not casket or concrete."  
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you need a reminder that life is beautiful: 
"I'm confident that solar will beat everything, hands down, including natural gas." - Elon Musk 
"Solar will be at least a plurality of power, and most likely a majority... in less than 20 years." - Elon Musk 
This is what it's like to grow up as a young black man in America:  #BlackLivesMatter
"What does it do to a child to grow up knowing that you cannot simply be a child?" - @ClintSmithIII  #BlackLivesMatter
A fascinating look at a culture where funerals are a raucous, public affair: 
"The key to heroism is to act when other people are passive." 
"The simplest questions can carry you out to the edge of human knowledge."  via @TED_ED
"Every one of us in this room, we have a choice as to what kind of difference we want to make." 
"If I controlled the Internet, you could auction your broken heart on eBay." 
"Our democracy is a people's democracy. It can be as great as people can be, and as fallible as people are." 
"The design of a street can tell you everything about what's expected on it." How we made New York City safer: 
It's better to rip the BandAid, and other beliefs that we actually have backward: 
"If you really want to rediscover wonder, you need to step outside of that tiny, terrified space of rightness." 
Robots that slither, climb, and crawl...and train for the World Cup:  
"Women can no longer be both half the population and a special interest group." 
This is how static electricity works:  via @TED_ED
"We have to be willing to have proactive conversations about race with honesty and understanding and courage." 
A powerful reminder that we all have a stake in equality: 
"We must move beyond micro-hopes for women, because they have so much greater hopes for themselves." 
This is why laughter is so contagious: 
How to control someone else's arm with your brain:  
Can you spot a fake laugh? You might be surprised: 
"The reality is, hackers can do a lot more than break things. They can bring people together." 
"Machine intelligence is the last invention that humanity will ever need to make." 
"Love is in us. It's deeply embedded in the brain. Our challenge is to understand each other." 
Why we shouldn't judge a country by its GDP:  
"All the major threats facing us today are problems entirely of our own making." 
Why women entrepreneurs are the example, not the exception: 
“Spending on other people has a bigger return for you than spending on yourself.” 
Try these fascinating experiments to see how your mind works:  
What goes on in your brain when you imagine what others are thinking:  
"It's time for us to be comfortable with the uncomfortable conversation about race." 
"To be a hero, you have to learn to be a deviant, because you're always going against the conformity of the group." 
"Sometimes the self seems to just melt away. And when that happens, the feeling is ecstatic." 
"Once there is super intelligence, the fate of humanity may depend on what the super intelligence does." 
This journey was nearly 4 billion miles — and took 10 years: 
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why: 
The bizarre story of a groundbreaking piece of WWII technology with a deeply unexpected result: 
Learn how to control someone else's arm with your brain in this unbelievable—and creepy—demo by @BackyardBrains: 
"Hard choices are hard because there is no best option." 
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
What would happen if you followed every single piece of health advice you heard? This guy tried it: 
The untold story of David and Goliath, or the advantage of being an underdog: 
Want to recharge your creative spirits? Try this: 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when you feel totally burned out: 
"The heat is on!" Inside one of the most exciting, modern adventure stories:  
The surprisingly simple science of turning sand dunes into buildings:  
"Those who fail get another opportunity. We always get another opportunity." 
If you could erase bad memories, would you do it? The science of memory manipulation: 
"We aim low and we think small when it comes to women. It is time for us to aim higher." 
How open data is being used to do extraordinary things, beyond what we could have imagined: 
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship: 
"Much is to be gained by eBooks, but something is definitely lost: a sensual experience, a little bit of humanity." 
This adorable kid just might be the next Steve Jobs:  
"I want to shake your confidence that you know your innermost mind." 
"This is the gay agenda: equality. Not special rights, but the rights that were already written." #LoveCantWait 
Crush your next presentation with the help of these #TEDTalks: 
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who argue with you. 
10 math talks to blow your mind:  
"It's not happiness that makes us grateful; it's gratefulness that makes us happy." 
"The quantum universe is far stranger than Einstein wanted to believe." His last great contribution to physics: 
"To be tender is to accept your loved one's weaknesses." 
How online "filter bubbles" warp your view of the world: 
A kinder, gentler philosophy of success: 
How magnetic pulses can change people's moral judgments: 
Which country does the most good for the planet? The answer may surprise you: 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
"Empower everybody to use their judgment, their intelligence." 
The playground at this kindergarten is designed to let kids be kids:  
"Where you come from now is much less important than where you're going." 
"The government knows far too much about what goes on behind closed doors." 
This beautiful, playful school is designed to let kids be kids: 
"Don't kill your language." Why a nation's language is so vital to its future: 
Adorable photos of the world's best kindergarten:  
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship: 
The first 6 #TEDTalks ever posted online: 
"Why is it that raising our children is associated with so much anguish and confusion?" 
11 must-see #TEDTalks: 
Why it's hard to sell ice to people who don't know what ice is: 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
10 myths about psychology, debunked: 
This problem has killed more people than every 20th century war combined: 
5 ways to kill your dreams:  @belpesce
How cults hook people in with easy answers to complex questions: 
What makes you feel good about your work? The scientific answer: 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
"To be a hero, you have to learn to be a deviant, because you're always going against the conformity of the group." 
"Our desire to alter our state of consciousness may be as fundamental as our desire for food, water, and sex." 
"Talking about virtual reality is like dancing about architecture." - @chris_milk 
"There has to be political noise and political costs in response to massive crimes against humanity." 
"If you’re willing to die for someone, it’s clearly a form of love, and it’s the core reason that men miss war." 
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
The creepy story of the world's most hated pest:  
“I wanted to moneyball criminal justice.” Why smart statistics are the key to fighting crime: 
"The most hostile voices represented the parts of me that hurt most profoundly." A story of schizophrenia: 
How we can make games like World of Warcraft to solve real-world problems: 
How virtual reality can create the ultimate empathy machine: 
"Studying the asteroids is like performing forensics on our solar system." 
What really happens to the plastic you throw away:  @TED_ED
"Beauty doesn't equate to goodness, and it certainly doesn't equate to contentment." 
The microbes on your skin are almost as unique as your fingerprints. Here's what they say about you: 
"Art is our weapon. Culture is a form of resistance." 
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works: 
Comedian John @Hodgman's detalied, hilarious proof of the existence of aliens (and, even stranger, love): 
"Older people can view injustice with compassion, but not despair." 
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
“There’s a very personal price to public humiliation, and the growth of the Internet has jacked up that price.” 
"Stereotypes are holding women back from leadership roles all over the world." A Q&amp;A with Sheryl Sandberg: 
Why hearing "you're not there yet" is more helpful than hearing you failed: 
This astonishing new microscope could turn everyday objects into microphones -- and much, much more: 
The extraordinary lessons one woman learned from her autistic brothers: 
"Words are like LEGO. If you use enough force, you can put any two of them together." 
What happens when the media's priority is profit? 
The best 68 countries in the world, ranked: 
"Nowhere is magical unless you can bring the right eyes to it." 
7 #TEDTalks celebrate the beauty of friendship: 
"If I get vaccinated, not only am I protecting myself, I am also protecting others." 
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
An argument about the death penalty that everyone can agree on: 
"Work is not just something I do when I'd rather be doing something else." 
By age two, this prodigy's musical ear had already outstripped that of most adults: 
"Being interviewed could mean so much to people, particularly those who had been told their stories didn't matter." 
"People are actually really open to changing things if they're given the chance to talk about them." 
"I was chained by a metal cable to my bed, so I could do only four small steps. I always dreamt of the fifth one." 
“Our bodies change our minds, and our minds can change our behavior, and our behavior can change our outcomes.” 
"Our role as leaders is to set the stage, not perform on it." 
The last undeciphered script from the ancient world—and how we're figuring out what it means:  
"Sweeping emotions under the rug of PMS keeps women from understanding the source of their negative emotions." 
"There is a rich tradition in Islam of talking frankly about sex." How and why that changed: 
Why all it takes to be more compassionate is the simple act of noticing: 
A bold new way to fund drug research that could save millions of lives: 
"Go ahead and make words like duckface, just don't make duckface." 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
"Almost 7 in 10 people who are released from prison will be rearrested in a constant cycle of incarceration." 
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
"If a little boy leads, there's no negative word for it; it's expected. But if a little girl leads, she's bossy." 
Think you've got a terrible memory? You don't know the half of it: 
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
Why do diets often fail? Blame it on your brain: 
A powerful spoken word performance about why #BlackLivesMatter:  @ClintSmithIII
16 common words and phrases originally invented by Shakespeare:  
How sleep really does help restore the mind: 
"Our evolved sexuality is in direct conflict with many aspects of the modern world." 
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
"The harmful effects of stress on your health are not inevitable -- how you think can transform stress." 
If you drive a car, you'll want to watch this talk: 
3 bits of advice that every twenty-something needs to hear: 
"We have a system of justice that treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent." 
Simple ways to raise kids who are creative, confident, and in control of the world around them: 
"We have to let machines evolve and learn like children." How this strange robot taught itself to walk: 
Think it's good to be tough on crime? These are the unintended consequences: 
"Catching cancer early is the closest thing we have to a silver bullet cure against it."  
What's it like to be a woman in competitive gaming? A female gamer explains: 
"Why can't we use our anger to challenge and change the evils of the world?" - Nobel Peace Prize winner @k_satyarthi 
"Virtual reality connects humans in a profound way that I've never seen before in any other form of media." 
"There's a very thin dividing line between success and failure." - @richardbranson 
You might not care about gecko feet now, but you'll love them after this talk: 
"If I'm in a position to radically change other people's lives for the better, I should do so." - @richardbranson 
"This is the legacy of manifest destiny." Bleak photos of America's native prisoners of war:  
A sparkling talk on what goes into some of the world's smartest cartoons:  
Would you fly in a 3D-printed jumbo jet?  
7 #TEDTalks to watch when the weather outside is frightful: 
Take a short break to appreciate the wonder of nature:  #EarthDay 
In honor of #EarthDay, our favorite talks about protecting our planet: 
“For the first time ever, we might shift the planet from friend to foe.” #EarthDay  
The 9 limits of our planet ... and how we've raced past 4 of them:  #EarthDay
This is a frozen slice of human brain:  
"All you have in life is your reputation." 
"The suffering of indigenous peoples is not a simple issue to fix."  
Can the rift between China and the United States be healed? 
The amazing science of lab-grown organs:  
Did you know space ice cream only made it onto one flight? Turns out, it's gross.  
You have 10x more microbial cells than human cells. In other words, you're mostly not you.  @TEDBooks
Can you guess someone's political party based on their name? Try these fun psych quizzes: 
Why is biodiversity so important? A fun lesson from @TED_ED: 
How to spot a counterfeit bill:  (via @TED_ED)
Tiny satellites show us the Earth as it changes in near-real-time:  @planetlabs 
How you pick up accents, favorite foods and more -- before you're even born: 
"Wouldn't it be great if, every once in a while, we did mathematics simply because it was fun or beautiful?" 
"We have sold ourselves into a fast food model of education, and it's impoverishing our spirit." 
An EMT shares how he answers the question: "Am I dying?" 
Allergies acting up? Blame it on your microbes:  @TEDBooks 
The warfare tactic that crushed cities (but not spirits): 
Would you want to know if you were about to die? 
This is what happens when you lose everything: 
"Bed bugs evolved to survive on any human blood." The creepy story of the most hated pest:  @brookeborel
"Every day, everywhere, our children spread their dreams beneath our feet. We should tread softly." 
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
This shattering insight will change how you think about poverty: 
"We have to be responsible for setting and enforcing the boundaries that we want in our life." 
"We spend lots of time learning about calculation, but let's not forget about application."  #math
"The problem is not that the poor don't get laws, it's that they don't get law enforcement." 
"A language is not just a body of vocabulary or a set of grammatical rules. It's a flash of the human spirit." 
This is the horrifying reality of living outside the protection of law: 
4 powerful #TEDTalks on the importance of educating girls: 
"I don't think it's an exaggeration that a major catalyst for moral change has been the situation comedy." 
How do you take a bath without water? Like this: 
"Being open to uncertain outcomes and taking risks creates opportunities for unexpected discoveries." 
How does giving a TED Talk change your life? Speakers share their personal stories on @60Minutes: 
Who is No. 1 on @TEDchris' speaker wish list? He shares his picks on @60Minutes: 
9 trippy TED Talks:  
The hidden reason why poverty is so hard to solve:  @GaryHaugen
Trippy X-ray images of everyday things:  
How a teen taught himself 20 languages -- and what he learned in the process: 
7 ways to practice emotional first aid: 
6 #TEDTalks to make you feel good about getting older: 
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work — so you can focus on what you love: 
10 #TEDTalks to help you shake off rejection: 
10 stunning buildings show the future of architecture:  
The 9 limits of our planet...and how we've raced past 4 of them: 
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you're stuck in a rut: 
Have a big presentation coming up? Watch these first: 
"Join this movement not because you're a politician or an expert, but because you are a citizen." 
"We've gone from depicting hunting on cave walls to depicting Shakespeare on Facebook walls." 
"Nobody sensible simply wants more trust. Sensible people want to place their trust where it is deserved." 
"Aliens might be very far away. Perhaps, I dare say, even on other planets." - @hodgman 
Meet one of the American doctors who flew to Liberia to help treat Ebola patients: 
"Even as a kid, or maybe even especially as a kid, my voice mattered." 
Where is Google going next? CEO Larry Page shares his vision for the future: 
"We've been fishing the seas like we clear-cut forests. It's hard to overstate the destruction." 
"You can find the strange in the familiar, as long as you're willing to look beyond what's been brought to light." 
"Abolish all doubt and what's left is not faith, but absolute heartless conviction." 
"Every child deserves a champion, an adult who will never give up on them." 
"The most uncontrollable form of energy can be harnessed for good." Nobel Peace Prize winner @k_satyarthi on anger: 
Perfume pills you can swallow, and other ways we can reprogram human biology: 
A game-changing approach that could resolve deadly conflict in the Congo: 
Fascinating stories from a space mission to explore Saturn:  
How to speak so that people want to listen: 
"People want to be allowed to be virtuous. They want to have permission to do the right thing." 
What would happen if you followed every single piece of health advice you heard? This guy tried it: 
"It takes lots of experience to learn how to care for people."  
“We think we have to be successful, then we’ll be happier. But our brains work in the opposite order." 
How to overcome selfishness and do more good in the world: 
"If I get vaccinated, not only am I protecting myself, I am also protecting others." 
"If I want to paint your portrait, I'm painting it on you—physically on you."  
How we can see each others' best qualities and bring them out: 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
This surprising advice can help close the gender gap for women at the top: 
"Each one of you is better than anybody else at something." 
"Shakespeare's most poetic lines don't just talk about matters of the heart; they follow its rhythm." 
"When you connect with people around a shared interest, serendipitous things happen in the future." 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
"What is good for us on a personal level is also what is best for the world." 
"Wise people know when and how to bend the rules. Wise people know how to improvise." 
When it's actually important to sweat the small stuff: 
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
Why great design is more than just a pretty facade:  
"A high IQ does not mean you are a good leader." 
Why athletes are getting faster, better, stronger: 
"In my view, color blindness is very dangerous because it means we're avoiding the problem." 
This is what your brain was doing while you were sleeping: 
"The problem and the beauty of hackers: They just can't see something broken in the world and leave it be." 
"There is always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. If we live out loud, we can trounce the hatred." 
"It's time for us to be comfortable with the uncomfortable conversation about race." 
"It's all the unanswered questions that make mathematics a living subject." The fascinating riddle of symmetry: 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, poverty, violence, desperation." How to expose the corrupt: 
Should we donate money directly to the poor? A convincing case that yes, we should: 
A funny, provocative talk on why we're often afraid to pursue what we really want: 
Can you guess someone's social status from an email? Test yourself: 
"This is the gay agenda: equality. Not special rights, but the rights that were already written." 
A fascinating look at a culture where funerals are a raucous, public affair: 
How do you make toast? This strange question can help you solve your biggest problems at work: 
Nobel Peace Prize winner @k_satyarthi asks each of us to transform anger into social good:  
"Everything great in life and business is born out of great communication. Sex is no different." 
How a teen learned 20 languages -- and what he discovered in the process:  
How spiders weave their magnificent webs:  
"The key to heroism is to act when other people are passive." 
"Familiarity is the gateway drug to empathy." 
"Mastery is not a commitment to a goal, but to a constant pursuit." 
A powerful reminder that we all have a stake in equality: 
How Mars might hold the secret to the origin of life: 
"A lot of people cheat, just by a little bit." The hidden reasons why we cheat and steal: 
Which country does the most good for the planet? The answer may surprise you: 
"Our democracy is a people's democracy. It can be as great as people can be, and as fallible as people are." 
"What the drug cartels run is, quite literally, a franchise business." How they do it:  
A 50-cent microscope that folds like origami:  via @TEDFellow 
"You have to fight for your self-determination today. You have to fight for it every day." 
"With increased wealth and profits has to come greater corporate social responsibility." - Paul Tudor Jones II 
"We have ripped the humanity out of our companies." How we can get it back: 
Congrats to the brilliant speakers on #TIME100's list of the world's most influential people!  
That time @TonyRobbins high-fived @AlGore in the middle of his TED Talk. #NationalHighFiveDay 
"We all wind up traveling through life, trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything." 
"In a piece of music, it's the pause or the rest that gives the piece its beauty and its shape." 
"We have to be prepared to change our minds." 
How #TIME100's Vikram Patel is making quality mental health care accessible for everyone:  
Watch #TIME100's Thomas Piketty explain his important ideas about economic inequality:  
“The problem with stereotypes is that they are incomplete.” Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie  #TIME100 
"Each of us is more than the worst thing we've ever done." - Bryan Stevenson  #TIME100 
"I'm asking you not to be color blind, but to be color brave." - Mellody Hobson  #TIME100 
"YouTube has changed the speed at which an individual can spread an idea around the world." 
"Feminism is not a rulebook but a discussion, a conversation, a process." 
"If we started to think about how we feed our kids as a health initiative, we wouldn't have corn dogs as lunch." 
"There is recovery. There is redemption." How one man recovered from a seemingly incurable depression: 
"A known reward excites people, but what really gets them going is the uncertain reward." 
It's better to rip the BandAid, and other beliefs that we actually have backward: 
Need another reason to be freaked out by crows? Here you go: 
"GPS dots will fundamentally reorder your life. Will you be able to resist the temptation to track your fellow man?" 
"Most people contemplating suicide wouldn't think of hurting another person; they just want their own pain to end." 
Robots that slither, climb, and crawl...and train for the World Cup:  
How to talk to people you disagree with: 
"Why don't we ask for the things we need?" A simple way to be more open with those you love: 
How to turn small talk into smart conversation: 
"People around the world are getting better medicine -- but mentally, we're falling apart." 
3 ways of thinking with your body: 
"Sometimes making a living and making a life point in opposite directions." 
"The rainforest holds the answers to questions we have yet to ask." - Surinamese saying 
"Less meat, less junk, more plants." A passionate call to change the way we eat: 
"To be a hero, you have to learn to be a deviant, because you're always going against the conformity of the group." 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
"The gray areas are where you find the complexity, the humanity, and the truth." 
Why the electric skateboard should be your new mode of transportation:  
The side of terrorism that doesn't make headlines: 
"A city is the sum of the relationships between the people who live there." 
Beautiful footage of... slime?  
"Creativity is essential to all of us, whether we're artists or scientists, parents or entrepreneurs." 
"This, for me, is one of the very best images of space science I have ever seen."  
"Language is about being able to see beyond cultural boundaries and find a shared humanity." 
The incredible story of how we landed on a comet, for the first time ever: 
9 #TEDTalks offer new ways to think about death: 
10 ways the world could end (and what we can do about it): 
"We were watching our deaths, and I was documenting it." Harrowing photos taken by an asylum seeker at sea: 
This @TEDFellow wants to hold bad New York City landlords accountable: 
"Where you come from now is much less important than where you're going." 
What lessons did your favorite book teach you? 
This beautiful, playful school is designed to let kids be kids: 
@STEM_Design_Lab You can nominate her for next year! Here's the form: 
"Why can't the energy of anger be translated and harnessed to create a better and beautiful world?" 
Check out the brilliant speakers coming to #TEDWomen! Who are you most excited to see? 
A human look at the corrosive impact of the American incarceration system: 
"If you have dreams, it's your responsibility to make them happen." 
"Your overnight success story is always a result of everything you've done in your life through that moment." 
17 must-read books about lying:  
Why it's so hard to translate jokes and puns -- and how great translators do it: 
This beautiful talk is a love letter to the love letter: 
This is what's wrong with what we eat: 
10 myths about psychology, debunked: 
How Star Trek will finally come true:  
4,000 children die from this problem every day:  Let's fix it.
"Fear is a kind of unintentional storytelling that we are all born knowing how to do." 
"If you want to succeed, you've got to be okay with losing control." 
"Big data is going to transform how we live, how we work, and how we think." Here's how: 
4 truths about parenting that no one wants to admit: 
Haunting images of New York City's abandoned ruins:  
20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time...have you seen them all? 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when every conceivable bad thing has just happened to you: 
"Teaching is a creative profession, not a delivery system. Great teachers mentor, stimulate, provoke, engage." 
"How come every other organ in your body can get sick and you get sympathy, except the brain?" 
Having a quarter-life crisis? These talks will get you through: 
"We stigmatize mistakes, and the result is that we are educating people out of their creative capacities." 
Simple lifestyle changes that can actually make your brain bigger: 
"With the smallest investment in the right places, you can radically transform the quality of your life." 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
How cults hook people in with easy answers to complex questions: 
A young guitar virtuoso meets his hero -- and gives a spectacular performance:  
Feel tired all the time? The surprising sleep cycle your body really wants: 
Striking footage of big cats in Africa:  
A kinder, gentler philosophy of success: 
"Your rights matter because you never know when you're going to need them." — Edward Snowden 
10 surprisingly viral #TEDTalks: 
"It is Western desire to consume that is the primary driver of international organized crime." 
"We're not ready for the next epidemic." @BillGates explains how we can prepare: 
"Globalization has taken us by surprise, and we've been slow to respond to it." How we can catch up: 
Want to make your political representative listen to you? Get writing. 
This problem has killed more people than every 20th century war combined: 
"How do you turn a park into a place where people want to be? You tap into your humanity." 
"Our capacity to screw up is not something we can eradicate or overcome. It's fundamental to who we are." 
This new microscope uses video to reveal tiny motions -- like blood flowing under the skin: 
"To be tender is to accept your loved one's weaknesses." 
"Strange chemical elements in the spectrum of a planet host star can be a signal from a civilization." 
How we can painlessly generate vast quantities of new bone: 
"Segregation is a social construct. It's something we choose to do, and we can choose not to do it." 
Think mass surveillance isn't a problem because you're not doing anything wrong? Think again. 
"Mastery is not a commitment to a goal, but to a constant pursuit." 
"If you don’t know you’re a battered wife, you can’t ask for help." How we can help end #domesticviolence: 
Striking footage of big cats in Africa:  
A kinder, gentler philosophy of success: 
This charming talk is like listening to your favorite grandfather give you life advice in the living room: 
"Poetry isn't one thing that serves one purpose. It's a way of making patterns that put emotions into words." 
Incredible new science allows monkeys to send messages brain-to-brain. And this is only the beginning... 
7 reasons why people just don't care about politics: 
The unintended consequences of being 'tough on crime': 
"Discover what it is that gives you pain, and then refuse to inflict that pain on anybody else." 
"Listening is what people who tell stories do first." 
"I'm not scared of being vulnerable; I don't see it as a weakness anymore."  
More women have died of heart disease than men in the past decades. Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
How to find creative inspiration all around you: 
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." 
"For too long now, children with developmental disorders have suffered from misdiagnosis." 
How public spaces make cities work:  
"Aging is the upward ascension of the human spirit, bringing us into wisdom, wholeness and authenticity." 
"Solitude matters -- for some people it is the air that they breathe." 
"Where you come from now is much less important than where you're going." 
"Complaining is viral misery." 
"If you want to be fully human and fully humane, I think you need to learn to live, not without regret, but with it." 
"How we look, though it is superficial and immutable, has a huge impact on our lives." 
"The chance for greatness, for progress and for change dies the moment we try to be like someone else.” 
Clever, simple ways to use technology more effectively: 
3 fascinating studies that challenge our assumptions about choice: 
Why dieting doesn't usually work: 
"You don't need to be brilliant to be wise, but without wisdom, brilliance isn't enough."  
"Human beings are works in progress that mistakenly think they're finished." 
9 TED Talks that will change your view of mental illness: 
How to set goals that lead to real change: 
Beautiful animations that take you inside a living cell:  
"If you drive a car in the United States, the government has photographs of you going about your daily life." 
"The erotic mind is not politically correct." 
Let puppies teach you complexity theory:  
"30 days is just about the right amount of time to add a new habit or subtract a habit from your life." 
"The extent to which you have a design style is the extent to which you have not solved the design problem." 
How a blind man uses echolocation to see the world with his ears: 
3 lessons for designing products the whole world uses: 
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why: 
10 #TEDTalks to help you shake off rejection:  
This was one of the first women in tech -- and she took it by storm: 
This man turns juggling into an art form: 
We all say we want a fair and equal society -- but is that really what we want? A fascinating look at the research: 
The inside story of the Rosetta Mission's epic quest to land on a comet 500 million kilometers from Earth: 
A delightful ode to language, for all the word-lovers out there: 
"The key to heroism is to act when other people are passive." 
"When people come together and put themselves all into the same movement, they can move mountains." 
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
8 #TEDTalks about the world's greatest injustices: 
"In music, we take something we love and we build on it." How sampling transformed music: 
"We are abusing this great power we have to be wise stewards, and we're destroying the world." 
I was held hostage for 317 days. Here's what I thought about: 
Want to protect your privacy and keep your data safe? Do this now: 
5 must-read books on sports history and science:  
What makes you feel good about your work? The scientific answer: 
"The quantum universe is far stranger than Einstein wanted to believe." His last great contribution to physics: 
"The message a lot of kids get from porn is that good sex is about mechanics." Why that's harmful: 
"It's not happiness that makes us grateful; it's gratefulness that makes us happy." 
"Celebrate your own style. Don't draw the way you're being told to draw. Draw the way you're drawing." 
"The 15 largest ships pollute as much as all the cars in the world." Why shipping should be more sustainable: 
This woman made a surprising discovery in New York City trash: 
"Hard choices are precious opportunities for us to become the distinctive people that we are." 
6 #TEDTalks to save you time at work, so you can focus on what you love: 
How equal do we want the world to be? You'd be surprised: 
Poets are more likely to associate numbers with colors, and other strange facts about your brain: 
10 #TEDTalks for people who geek out on sports: 
3 ways tiny robots are going to fix everything:  
How love and consumerism have gotten all mixed up: 
What we still don't know about male anatomy: 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." On a more empowering view of disability: 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
"Data can help make a good design great, but it will never make a bad design good." 
“The secret to happiness is low expectations.” 
3 questions that can help us learn to understand people we disagree with: 
Why athletes are getting faster, better, stronger: 
Can you guess someone's social status from an email? Test yourself: 
Why playing in the dirt might be great preventative medicine: 
"Even if the world collapsed, the Pythagorean theorem would still be true." 
"If you want to tell someone that you'll love them forever and ever, give them a theorem!" 
Why you don't always get sick when you're exposed to an illness: 
How our microbes shape, define, and (possibly) even heal us:  
3 tricks to staying positive when life throws you a curveball: 
"Play up whatever it is that makes you different, even if you think that some people will find it unattractive." 
How magnetic pulses can change people's moral judgments: 
20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time...have you seen them all? 
Doctors make mistakes. Here's why we need to talk about that: 
If you have ever suffered from depression, or known someone who has, this is a must watch: 
Here's what goes on in your brain when you imagine what others are thinking:  
This is what happens when your slides won't load at a TED conference: 
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse:  
Feel tired all the time? The surprising sleep cycle your body really wants: 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
"You have to fight for your self-determination today. You have to fight for it every day." 
Should paper dictionaries become a thing of the past? 
"Why some drugs are legal and others aren't has almost nothing to do w/ safety &amp; everything to do w/ who uses them." 
How I built a toaster... from scratch:  
6 #TEDTalks on how (and why) to forgive: 
How online "filter bubbles" warp your view of the world: 
"The failure to prepare could allow the next epidemic to be dramatically more devastating than Ebola." 
7 #TEDTalks to help you slow down and enjoy life: 
"Sometimes the self seems to just melt away. And when that happens, the feeling is ecstatic." 
"Your overnight success story is a result of everything you've done in your life until that moment." - @belpesce 
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
"Hard choices are hard because there is no best option." 
Why aerial bombing almost never works: 
The first 6 #TEDTalks ever posted online: 
"If you have dreams, it's your responsibility to make them happen." How we sabotage our own success:  @belpesce
5 ways to kill your dreams:  @belpesce
Crush your next presentation with the help of these #TEDTalks: 
"Much is to be gained by eBooks, but something is definitely lost: a sensual experience, a little bit of humanity." 
What makes you feel good about your work? The scientific answer: 
"There are no words for the depths of loneliness I reached in that very thin border between sanity and madness." 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
Why do we talk about sex with baseball terminology? Let's try this metaphor instead: 
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who argue with you. 
"Our basic freedoms are not a partisan issue. It's up to all of us to protect them." — Edward Snowden 
"We don't have to give up our privacy to have good government, or our liberty to have security." - Edward Snowden 
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
"Affairs teach us about relationships — what we expect, what we think we want, and what we feel entitled to." 
3 reasons why we should all care about email encryption: 
"Fear means you're not focusing on what you're doing." 
What the best education systems are doing right: 
Meet one of the American doctors who flew to Liberia to help treat Ebola patients: 
What if it doesn't rain? How satellite technology helps African farmers insure against drought: 
"If you’re willing to die for someone, it’s clearly a form of love, and it’s the core reason that men miss war." 
"We will venture into outer space, and we will start inhabiting it. I have no doubt about it." 
"Finishing Ebola right now means turning the tables on this virus and beginning to hunt it." 
"Real innovation is in finding ways to include everyone." The problem with trickle-down techonomics: 
We're not ready for the next disease outbreak, says @BillGates. Here's how we can prepare: 
The chilling story of the mind games that helped East Germany's secret police gain power: 
"Does true altruism exist, or are we so selfish?" 
"We need to communicate online with compassion, consume news with compassion, and click with compassion." 
"The first drug for HIV/AIDS was not developed for HIV/AIDS. It was developed for cancer." 
5 things design icon @johnmaeda can't live without:  
Can we treat rare illnesses by repurposing drugs that failed to treat other diseases? 
A child imprisoned for protecting his mother and the lawyer who saved his life: 
"Great leaders dare to be different. They don't just talk about risk-taking; they actually do it." 
A poem about how weird the future will be, by @TEDFellow Ben Burke: 
"We need to build an Internet where privacy is no longer just an option, but the default." - Andy Yen 
10 real-life love stories that'll grab you by the heart:  via @StoryCorps 
"I wouldn't trade my autism and my imagination for the world."  #WorldAutismAwarenessDay
This is the ultimate story of forgiveness: 
Sugar pills, injections of nothing — they often really work: 
"One of the simplest facts in business is something we often neglect: We're all human." 
“If anything kills 10M people in the coming decades, it probably won’t be a missile—it will be a microbe." @BillGates 
"With every click, we make a choice. The more we saturate our culture with public shaming, the more accepted it is." 
13 #TEDTalks full of totally weird, random facts: 
This is what would happen if immortality was real:  via @TED_ED
What we consider a basic skill was foreign to these students:  
Can you guess someone’s political party based on their name? 
These are the funny @YouTube videos scientists show people in order to study laughter: 
3 quick quizzes to test your psychology knowledge:  @benambridge 
10 beautiful buildings show the future of architecture:  
How to speak so that people want to listen: 
5 #TEDTalks on the truth about lying: 
A funny, provocative talk on why we're often afraid to pursue what we really want: 
"We don't have to make a dinosaur. We already have them." How dino descendents might help us bring them back: 
10 stunning buildings show the future of architecture:  
This is a ghost heart that may one day become a personalized human heart:  
6 #TEDTalks for television lovers: 
The powerful story of a man who stood up to corruption -- alone: 
Can you guess someone's social status from an email? Test yourself: 
"When we make people pay a public price for their private actions, we demonstrate a radical failure of empathy." 
10 questions to ask your family around the dinner table: 
"There are two most powerful days in your life: the day you're born, and the day you discover why." 
5 dangerous things you should let your kids do: 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
"Anyone who is suffering from shame and public humiliation needs to know one thing: You can survive it." 
2 easy ways you can help bees survive:  
This man films one second of his life every day. Here are the moving results: 
Be a few minutes late to work. Your brain will thank you: 
12 most jaw-dropping #TEDTalks:  
How schools kill creativity: 
"Imagine walking a mile in someone else's headline." - @MonicaLewinsky, on the price of shame: 
40 brilliant idioms that can't be translated literally:  
"The reality is, hackers can do a lot more than break things. They can bring people together." 
"If you want to be fully human and fully humane, you need to learn to live, not without regret, but with it." 
The unrecognized health crisis that affects all of us:  
These #TEDTalks will help you become a confident, compelling public speaker: 
Can you spot the invisible man?  
This is ancient ice extracted from the Antarctic and bathed in polarized light:  
How pollution comes back to haunt us on the dinner table: 
This is what teens really want to know about sex:  
"The miracle of your mind isn't that you can see the world as it is. It's that you can see the world as it isn't." 
20 words that once meant something completely different: 
Sometimes weather is jaw-dropping:  
The 10 most popular @TEDx talks: 
A non-cheesy guide to gratefulness:  
The math and magic of origami:  
11 of the funniest TED Talk spoofs, and what speakers can learn from them: 
The 9 limits of our planet... and how we've raced past 4 of them: 
Will our kids be a different species? Why we might be evolving faster than we think: 
4 tips for better thinking from inventors who made big mistakes: 
"If you raise your level of positivity, then your brain performs significantly better." 
"Stop this notion that you need to plan everything, and focus on being connected, always learning, fully present." 
Solve your biggest problems at work with this fun drawing exercise: 
How we can make games like World of Warcraft to solve real-world problems: 
"Discover what it is that gives you pain, and then refuse to inflict that pain on anybody else." 
"Poetry and grace can be found in the words of people all around us when we simply take the time to listen." 
How we can painlessly generate vast quantities of new bone: 
"Never before has the largest economy in the world been that of a developing country, rather than a developed one." 
"Candor and brutal honesty are critical to us collectively being great parents." 
"All the major threats facing us today are problems entirely of our own making." 
"The classical Arabic version of a poetry slam or rap battle, Zajal originated in Lebanon."  
"Together, we have the power to protect the most vulnerable among us." How to help prevent cyber bullying: 
Adorable little robots doing a robot dance: 
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
"General Tso never saw a stalk of broccoli in his life." The odd story of Americanized Chinese food: 
This extraordinary marketing campaign inspired guerrilla fighters to put down their weapons and choose peace: 
"No one can tell us what our experience means. We have to decide what it means." 
The future of broadcast news may be in your hands: 
What veterinarians know that doctors don't: 
Blind since he was a baby, this man uses sonar to navigate the world -- much like a bat: 
"What if we decided to search for those small coincidences in life that are truly amazing?" 
"Your home is whatever in this world you love more than you love yourself."  
A sparkling talk on what goes into some of the world's smartest cartoons: 
"You know how exhausting it can be to try to be perfect when you're not, or to be somebody that you aren't?" 
“Social change is not going to come from knowing more information, but from doing something with it.” 
This vest can give you almost any sixth sense you want:  
What big pharma doesn't want you to know about PMS: 
A funny, high-energy ode to mothers everywhere: 
What Fabien Cousteau learned from living underwater for 31 days:  
"Claim your experience, but don't let it claim you." 
"The most miserable and tragic thing about poverty is not the lack of bread, but the feeling of being no one." 
"Sweeping emotions under the rug of PMS keeps women from understanding the source of their negative emotions." 
How we should talk about transgender issues:  #transdayofvisibility
"Gender has always been considered a fact. We now know it's more fluid, complex &amp; mysterious."  #transdayofvisibility
“The classic error of the fortunate: assuming you’re the rule and not the exception." 
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
“There’s a very personal price to public humiliation, and the growth of the Internet has jacked up that price.” 
"I was chained by a metal cable to my bed, so I could do only four small steps. I always dreamt of the fifth one." 
"Our role as leaders is to set the stage, not perform on it." 
"If I get vaccinated, not only am I protecting myself, I am also protecting others." 
"Jails are supposed to rehabilitate a person, not cause him or her to become more angry, frustrated, and hopeless." 
There’s a better way to die, and architecture can help: 
An argument about the death penalty that everyone can agree on: 
Feeling sleepy at work? Why your office might need less light, not more: 
By age two, this prodigy's musical ear had already outstripped that of most adults: 
The last undeciphered script from the ancient world—and how we're figuring out what it means:  
"Work is not just something I do when I'd rather be doing something else." 
"Being interviewed could mean so much to people, particularly those who had been told their stories didn't matter." 
7 ways to practice emotional first aid:  
"People are actually really open to changing things if they're given the chance to talk about them." 
"Sweeping emotions under the rug of PMS keeps women from understanding the source of their negative emotions." 
8 must-read books about business: 
Is there a real you? A surprising answer from philosophy and neuroscience: 
"You can always tell ambitious women by the shape of our heads. They're flat on top from being patted patronizingly." 
"There are no words for the depths of loneliness I reached in that very thin border between sanity and madness." 
"When we make people pay a public price for their private actions, we demonstrate a radical failure of empathy." 
This super-thin 3-inch disk can levitate something 70,000 times its own weight. Here's how:  
The science of setting goals: 
"Our desire to alter our state of consciousness may be as fundamental as our desire for food, water, and sex." 
"Chronic loneliness poses as significant a risk for your long-term health and longevity as cigarette smoking." 
The microbes on your skin are almost as unique as your fingerprints. Here's what they say about you: 
“Our bodies change our minds, and our minds can change our behavior, and our behavior can change our outcomes.” 
"Don't be afraid of talking to your adversaries, but don't bracket what happened before you entered the room." 
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
"There has to be political noise and political costs in response to massive crimes against humanity." 
"Art is our weapon. Culture is a form of resistance." 
How many ways can you arrange a deck of cards?  via @TED_ED
Need a confidence boost? Try power posing: 
“As far as our culture of humiliation goes, we need a revolution. Public shaming as a blood sport needs to stop.” 
"Beauty doesn't equate to goodness, and it certainly doesn't equate to contentment." 
"Our capacity to screw up is not something we can eradicate or overcome. It's fundamental to who we are." 
“Social change is not going to come from knowing more information, but from doing something with it.” 
This man uses forensics to give a voice to the voiceless: 
"The crisis of desire is often a crisis of the imagination." 
"The science is clear; early adversity dramatically affects health across a lifetime." 
"We are at the point where China was when its boom years began." A compelling talk on innovation in Africa: 
3 ways to create a kinder, more generous society: 
How CERN's supercollider can help us discover the secrets of the universe: 
"I wouldn't trade my autism and my imagination for the world." 
Meet the man who slashed the cost of building a rocket by 75 percent: 
Common myths about what makes you live longer, debunked: 
"Our default wiring is to help. But then the question is, why don't we?" Why we aren't more compassionate: 
Why fireflies light up in the dark, and other secrets of these beloved bugs:  
"Together we can create an archive of the wisdom of humanity." 
How can we protect cultural diversity? These beautiful music videos offer a solution: 
10 of the weirdest, oldest, fastest creatures in the ocean:  
Should paper dictionaries become a thing of the past? 
Welcome to the future where you can download a new toothbrush: 
Why do some of us get attacked by mosquitos while others are ignored? Blame our microbes: 
This artist created a sculptural love letter to Spider-Man:  
"The world is now so noisy that it's just hard to listen. It's tiring to listen." 
"Real equality means valuing family just as much as work, and understanding that the two reinforce each other." 
Is Twitter the new radio? How real-time storytelling in the digital world is changing fiction: 
Want to help prevent online bullying? Comment on Facebook: 
This is what happened when we posted @MonicaLewinsky's TED Talk: 
5 #TEDTalks to help you forget that you're doing chores: 
"Apologize for what you have done, but never apologize for who you are." 
Watch these #TEDTalks when it seems like hope is lost: 
"Those who fail get another opportunity. We always get another opportunity." 
Are you easily fooled by statistics? Test yourself with the quizzes in this talk: 
How technology is allowing people to coordinate en masse -- and giving them unprecedented power: 
Why we should stop trying to raise happy children: 
Astonishing photos of Earth's fresh water and how we use it:  
"I've never met a man who's been asked how he does it all." 
What the best education systems are doing right: 
Why accepting that you may be wrong is the greatest moral, intellectual, and creative leap you can make: 
11 biomaterials that can heal the human body (including biting ants):  
Stunning, psychedelic photos where art and science collide:  
Why losing someone you love only makes you want them more: 
Beautiful photos of abandoned Italian villages:  
"Everything great in life and business is born out of great communication. Sex is no different." 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language:  
Do you know which chemical combos cause explosions? How to understand the periodic table: 
How people around the world think about parenting: 
One of the most obese cities in the US lost a million pounds. Here's how they did it: 
Are lefties more creative? 10 popular psychology myths, busted: 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
4 inspiring kids imagine the future of learning:  
How should we talk about mental health? Thoughtful ideas from experts: 
"You need coalitions of the willing and of the unwilling to make change." 
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you're stuck in a rut: 
Why 30 is not the new 20: 
"In order for connection to happen, we have to allow ourselves to be seen, really seen." 
9 #TEDTalks about how your brain works: 
6 #TEDTalks on how language changes over time:  
The untold story of David and Goliath, or the advantage of being an underdog: 
Weird things we know about the 6,000 miles of road in New York City: 
What do you want to know about the future of architecture? Join @marchitizer's @Reddit_AMA now &amp; ask him anything! 
"If you censor one journalist, it intimidates others, and soon nations are silenced." 
"Affairs teach us about relationships — what we expect, what we think we want, and what we feel entitled to." 
"Beauty is a basic service." This artist is breathing life into abandoned buildings: 
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
"We focus on the pursuit of happiness as though it's an object we have to go out and get." 
3 quick and clever poems about odd love: 
A delightful ode to language, for all the word-lovers out there: 
These artists paint neighborhoods to give them new life. Hear their inspiring story:  
"You know how exhausting it can be to try to be perfect when you're not, or to be somebody that you aren't?" 
Watch what happens inside the brain during musical improvisation: 
Why do we talk about sex like it's a baseball game? Let's try this metaphor instead: 
4 ways to donate to good causes more effectively: 
"Identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most and then build your house right on top of it." 
The dirty secret you need to know about your cell phone: 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
This was one of the first women in tech -- and she took it by storm: 
These #TEDTalks will help you become a confident, compelling public speaker: 
Fun ways to teach your kids the value of a dollar: 
"A marketplace has emerged where public humiliation is a commodity, and shame is an industry." 
Your emails are like postcards that everyone can read. Here's a better option: 
The 9 limits of our planet... and how we've raced past 4 of them: 
"Hard choices are precious opportunities for us to become the distinctive people that we are." 
"Celebrate your own style. Don't draw the way you're being told to draw. Draw the way you're drawing." 
Why "follow your passion" can be terrible career advice: 
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
"Globalization has taken us by surprise, and we've been slow to respond to it." How we can catch up: 
“The classic error of the fortunate: assuming you’re the rule and not the exception.” - @AnandWrites 
"Numbers are the musical notes with which the symphony of the universe is written." 
“6 years ago, I returned to America and realized the American dream was thriving, but only in India.”  @AnandWrites
A tale of two Americas, and the mini-mart where they collided:  @AnandWrites #TED2015
"The Philosophical Breakfast Club helped invent the modern scientist." Here's their story: 
"This is the gay agenda: equality. Not special rights, but the rights that were already written." 
"Poetry isn't one thing that serves one purpose. It's a way of making patterns that put emotions into words." 
5 must-reads on sports history and science, chosen by @DavidEpstein: 
Marina Abramović shares why she hasn't yet mastered the art of being vulnerable:  #TED2015
"It is Western desire to consume that is the primary driver of international organized crime." 
"I skip the canvas. If I want to paint your portrait, I'm painting it physically on you."  
10 surprisingly viral #TEDTalks: 
"We've been fishing the seas like we clear-cut forests. It's hard to overstate the destruction." 
"I realized, for the first time, that my voice mattered." Find the courage to speak up: 
"When we are anxious over choices, we easily give our power of choice away." 
When @GeorgeTakei was 5 years old, he was taken to a Japanese internment camp. Hear his powerful story: 
"A new era is coming. Higher education is becoming a basic right, affordable and accessible for all." 
"Segregation is a social construct. It's something we choose to do, and we can choose not to do it." 
"Aliens might be very far away. Perhaps, I dare say, even on other planets." - @hodgman 
Why bees are dying en masse, and what you can do to help them survive: 
"A virus is a string of nucleic acid with attitude." 
How we're teaching computers to understand pictures:  @drfeifei #TED2015
"Stories matter. Stories can break the dignity of a people, but stories can also repair that broken dignity." 
5 reasons why Muslim women choose to wear a headscarf:  
"We have to be prepared to change our minds." 
"I don't want to live in a world where knowledge is obsolete." Why it's still important to memorize facts: 
A child imprisoned for protecting his mother and the lawyer who saved his life: 
"Current politics serves us a mountain of bureaucratic jargon." How we can fix that: 
"We're all responsible for not just the intended effects of our ideas, but for their likely misuses."  
8 #TEDTalks full of unsolved mysteries: 
3 reasons why we should all care about email encryption: 
"In prison, I came across some of the most intelligent, brilliant, and talented people I would ever meet." 
"I can't promise my child a life without bias, but I promise to bias my child with multiple perspectives." 
"The design of a street can tell you everything about what's expected on it." How we made New York City safer: 
"Sanitation workers are the guardians of public health." Why you should thank the people who clean up after you: 
"Technology and innovation behave a lot like wealth and capital. They tend to consolidate in the hands of the few." 
"Facts are vulnerable to misuse." 
Rare footage of incredible, endangered reptiles who need our help:  
A stunning performance by the famed modern dance troupe, @Pilobolus: 
"You have to fight for your self-determination today. You have to fight for it every day." 
"Why some drugs are legal and others aren't has almost nothing to do w/ safety &amp; everything to do w/ who uses them." 
Watch a gorgeous timelapse video of flowers blooming:  #firstdayofspring 
What separates us from chimpanzees? Jane Goodall explains: 
Is this the dance troupe of the future? 
4 #TEDTalks on why we need brave journalists: 
"All the time, we find animals doing things that, in our arrogance, we thought was just human." 
6 #TEDTalks on how (and why) to forgive: 
A powerful lesson on how to listen with your whole body: 
"It's unbelievably important for us to test our listening skills, to use our bodies as a resonating chamber." 
A word game to communicate in any language: 
No more needles? 7 ways scientists are reinventing shots: 
For these women and girls, reading is a brave act of daring:  
"The world has changed from analog to digital." Why we should teach statistics before calculus: 
How I built a toaster... from scratch:  
How we learn about ourselves through stories: 
5 #TEDTalks on the weird science of love:   
"Fear means you're not focusing on what you're doing." 
8 #TEDTalks about the world's greatest injustices: 
"To the extent that we're able to navigate into the future at all, we have to have an understanding of the past." 
"The truth won't set us free until we develop the skills and the moral courage to use it." 
6 ways to make people laugh, according to science: 
"Fear is an amazing act of the imagination, as profound and insightful as storytelling itself." 
The coming crisis in antibiotics -- and what we can do about it: 
"Society decides when we are old. But we all feel younger than our real ages." 
"Singing, for me, is sweet relief. It is the only time when I feel fluent." On singing through a stutter: 
"Sanitation work is one of the 10 most dangerous occupations in the US." 
7 #TEDTalks to make your commute go faster: 
"How do you win pizza? You don't. But you do look for, 'Are we satisfied?'" Why pizza is the metaphor sex needs: 
5 ways to keep your data safe right now: 
"In music, we take something we love and we build on it." How sampling transformed music: 
7 ways to practice emotional first aid: 
10 #TEDTalks to help you take charge of your healthcare: 
This woman made a surprising discovery in New York City trash: 
How to recover from everyday emotional injuries: 
"It's uncomfortable to not believe things." The logical basis for believing in conspiracies: 
"Tech companies are the world's largest editors. They decide what is too offensive or provocative for you to see." 
These are the 20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time: 
We need to start a new conversation about infidelity: 
9 limits of our planet ... and how we've raced past 4 of them:  
Watch @MonicaLewinsky's #TED2015 talk on the price of shame:  
This is @BillGates suited up in the replica Ebola treatment center at #TED2015:  
An inside look at education in North Korea: 
How to tell a great story, from the writer behind "Toy Story," "WALL-E," and other modern classics: 
That's a wrap, folks! Thank you for an amazing week at #TED2015! We can't wait to share the talks with you online. 
"You can always find a shock of beauty or meaning in what life you have left." - BJ Miller #TED2015
"Healthcare can become about making life more wonderful. Caring is a creative, generative, playful act." - BJ Miller #TED2015
"We ask too much of hospitals. They are places for acute trauma, treatable illness. They are no places to live and die." BJ Miller #TED2015
“We need to bring intention and creativity to dying. We have a monumental opportunity to redesign how we die.” - BJ Miller #TED2015
"We are social animals. Others' suffering is ultimately your suffering; their happiness is ultimately your happiness." @DalaiLama #TED2015
"If we could build an economy that would use things rather than use them up, we could build a future." @ellenmacarthur #TED2015
How scientists study humor to make people laugh:  @sophiescott #TED2015
"It is entirely up to you to turn negative energy into positive energy—to transform anger into creative solutions." @k_satyarthi #TED2015
@laurenamgibbs It'll be going up soon! We'll post it on Twitter and Facebook as soon as it does.
Exoplanet expert @profsaraseager is hunting for another Earth. She thinks we'll find alien life—soon. #TED2015 
"Violence comes out of economic and social exclusion, from when a whole society doesn’t believe in you."  #TED2015
Want to protect your privacy and keep your data safe? Do this now:  #TED2015
"Affairs teach us about relationships—what we expect, what we think we want, and what we feel entitled to."  #TED2015
Beautiful ways stories are told around the world, inspired by @StoryCorps:  
9 crazy things people do in the name of science...and you thought jumping from the stratosphere was weird: 
"In an age of acceleration, nothing can be more exhilarating than going slow." - Pico Iyer  #stillnessinmotion
How do you create moments of peace in our fast-paced world? #stillnessinmotion #TED2015
"Every affair will redefine a relationship, and every couple will determine what the legacy of that affair will be." @EstherPerel #TED2015
"Some affairs are death knells for relationships dying on the vine, but others jolt us into new possibilities." - @EstherPerel #TED2015
“When we seek the gaze of another, it isn’t always our partner we're turning away from, but the person we have become" @EstherPerel #TED2015
“What if passion has a finite shelf life? Are there things that even a good relationship can never provide?” - @EstherPerel #TED2015
“Our prosperity is no longer prosperity as long as it is pinned to other people’s pain.” - Noy Thrupkaew #TED2015
“These survivors don’t need saving; they need solidarity.” - Noy Thrupkaew, on human trafficking #TED2015
"If you move someone in some way, that's an achievement. It's not always about understanding." - Hussein Chalayan, on high art #TED2015
Exciting to see conversations about #TED2015 happening around the world.  
"In life, there are no shortcuts to joy. Anything that is worth pursuing requires us to suffer just a little bit.” @chrisburkard #TED2015
Surf photographer @chrisburkard chases the best waves -- in the world's coldest places. #TED2015 
Computers can learn to recognize objects the same way children do, says @drfeifei. #TED2015 
What if 3D printing was 100x faster? An exciting demo from #TED2015:  
“By segregating art from science, we are seriously inhibiting the alchemy of wonder and invention.” @dustinyellin #TED2015
This is a wearable digestive system. End to end, it's 10x as long as a football field. - Neri Oxman at #TED2015 
@LilSpanishSong We post one talk per day, so two from the conference are up on  now. Check back each day for more!
The first short clip of @MonicaLewinsky's talk is up online! Full video coming soon.  #TED2015
Amsterdam has the "most badass city flag in the world," according to @romanmars. #TED2015 
"Science isn’t a collection of facts and figures; it’s the way you figure things out for yourself." @Lewis_Dartnell #TED2015
Wish we'd known it was that kind of party. @truthdarebot #TED2015 
“Movements don’t start with a grand convention. They start with just a few people, or maybe just one.” - Rev. Jeffrey Brown #TED2015
"When we say #BlackLivesMatter, it’s not b/c others don't. It’s simply to affirm we are worth existing w/o fear." @ClintSmithIII #TED2015
“We need to build a new criminal justice system, with an emphasis on the word ‘justice.’” Alice Goffman #TED2015
Way in the future, what will people find funny/strange/awful/great about our culture today? @jonesarah performs her answer at #TED2015
“In the hindsight of history, it’s always the failures of compassion that are most inexplicable and most inexcusable.” @GaryHaugen #TED2015
“As far as our culture of humiliation goes, we need a revolution. Public shaming as a blood sport has to stop.” @MonicaLewinsky #TED2015
“There’s a very personal price to public humiliation, and the growth of the Internet has jacked up that price.” @MonicaLewinsky #TED2015
At #TED2015, @MonicaLewinsky is talking about the dangers of public humiliation -- and the importance of empathy. 
“I was seen by many, but actually known by few. It was easy to forget ‘that woman’ was dimensional, had a soul.” @MonicaLewinsky #TED2015
How to hear the world through your back:  #TED2015 
8 storytelling traditions around the world:  #TED2015 
How we treat Ebola -- and why we must do better:  #TED2015 
People do some really crazy things in the name of science:  #TED2015
5 ways to keep your data safe right now:  #TED2015
How do you deal with ideas coming to you at inconvenient times? Share your strategies! #ideasnoted #TED2015
"Failure to prepare could allow the next epidemic to be dramatically more devastating than Ebola.” — @BillGates 
What Suki Kim learned from teaching English in North Korea:  #TED2015
This was one of the first women in tech -- and she took it by storm:  #TED2015
13 beautiful photos of baby coral that show how they grow:  #TED2015 
@cindygallop @sukisworld So glad you liked it. You can also read an excerpt from her book on the Ideas blog: 
“How do we get to a world where compassion in technology is actually expected?” #MakeTechHuman #TED2015
“Technology needs to be programmed with human values.” What are those universal human values? Do they exist? #MakeTechHuman #TED2015
How humans may develop a whole new set of senses:  #TED2015 
@truthdarebot Dare.
.@alexismadrigal made a Twitter bot for his talk. Brave enough? Follow @truthdarebot and tweet 'Truth' or 'Dare' at it. @PopUpMag #TED2015
"The most beautiful thing to me as a photographer is vulnerability. The exterior reveals a crack to the more fragile interior." #TED2015
"We have ripped the humanity out of our companies and reduced them to a set of numbers." - Paul Tudor Jones #TED2015
"The news covers women only 24% of the time. It's high time women are shown as the powerful force we are in society." @alisaamiller #TED2015
Telescopes are vital to protect Earth from asteroids, says @valconn. If we see them, we can deflect them. #TED2015 
"The Ebola epidemic was a wake up call. If we start now, we can be ready for the next epidemic." @BillGates #TED2015 
“If anything kills 10 million people in the coming decades, it probably won’t be a missile—it will be a microbe." @BillGates #TED2015
"Fundamental problem with vaccine development for infectious diseases: people most at risk are least able to pay." @gaviseth #TED2015
"The problem is a system that treats drugs as criminal justice matters rather than a matter of health and education." @jbhaden #TED2015
"Imagine your healthy future self and start living that life now. Break your journey down into little battles you can win." @coots #TED2015
"I believe that beauty is a basic service. Culture helps to ignite a community." - Theaster Gates, on revitalizing neighborhoods #TED2015
“The more we know about the brain, the more we understand it as a large symphony played by thousands of instruments.” @mslima #TED2015
“When it comes down to the details, we question everything. Why are doors rectangular, why not round?” - @elorahardy #TED2015
@micagius yep, there was a talk on this today at TED2015 by an animal rights lawyer. It'll be up online soon!
“It’s easy to solve a problem that everyone sees, but it’s hard to solve a problem that almost no one sees.” - @tfadell #TED2015
Our first talk from #TED2015 is up online! This talk on creating new senses for humans blew us all away: 
Many animals have self-awareness, feelings &amp; memories. Should they have legal rights to liberty &amp; equality? #TED2015 
“We stand at the threshold of a post-antibiotic era, where simple infections will kill people once again.” - @marynmck #TED2015
"Could your medicine be a cell, not a pill? An organ created outside your body? An environment?" - Siddhartha Mukherjee #TED2015
How Dame Stephanie Shirley upended tech world sexism in the 1960s:  #TED2015
How can your commute be turned into a creative opportunity? Share your ideas! #TED2015 #ideasnoted
9 crazy things people have done in the name of science:  #TED2015 
How stories are told around the world:  #TED2015 
@SteveCase beautiful photo!
@LindaSherman A shareable version of the talk will be up on  soon! We're so glad you're watching, hope you enjoyed!
Interview a family member, friend or stranger with the new @StoryCorps app:  @TEDPrize @daveisay #TED2015
"Learn to listen a little more and shout a little less…every life matters equally and infinitely." @daveisay #TED2015 #TEDPrize
We're excited to introduce this year's @TEDPrize winner, @daveisay! Watch his talk on the livestream now:  #TED2015
We may be able to download our minds to create a digital version of ourselves in the next couple decades, says Martine Rothblatt #TED2015
"Separate genders are a constructed fiction. The reality is a gender fluidity that crosses the entire continuum." Martine Rothblatt #TED2015
"You can always tell ambitious women from the shape of our heads. They're flat on top from being patted patronizingly." Dame Steve #TED2015
"...but America today grows miserly with first chances for many of its own.” @AnandWrites #TED2015 (2/2)
“If human history were a parade, America’s float would be a neon shrine to second chances..." @AnandWrites #TED2015 (1/2)
“Six years ago, I returned to America and realized something: the American dream was thriving, but only in India.” @AnandWrites #TED2015
Tune in now to watch a free, live session of #TED2015! Amazing life stories.  
Performance artist Marina Abramović on humor, vulnerability and failure:  #TED2015 
“I believe we'll become a two-planet species. Some of your children will live on Mars.” - Stephen Petranek #TED2015
Elon Musk thinks 50,000 people will live on Mars by 2050. Would you move there? #TED2015 
"There is no life possible at the surface of Mars today, but it might still be hiding underground." @shasta721 #TED2015
"Being a scientist is like being an explorer. You have this immense curiosity, will and resolute steadfastness." @profsaraseager #TED2015
This is a photo of Earth taken from 4 billion miles away. @profsaraseager #TED2015 
This is what we've learned so far about the comet we landed on during the Rosetta mission. #TED2015 
“This for me is the iconic Rosetta image: Philae standing on the surface of a comet.” @redplanet00 #TED2015 
This balloon rose 1k feet per minute, carrying Alan Eustace to the stratosphere for a free fall to Earth. #TED2015 
"We must create AI that uses its intelligence to learn what we value." - Nick Bostrom #TED2015
"We should not be confident in our ability to keep a superintelligent genie locked up in its bottle. Sooner or later, it will out" #TED2015
"In this century, scientists may learn to awaken the power of AI, and I think we may see an intelligence explosion." Nick Bostrom #TED2015
"Everything we've achieved &amp; everything we care about depends crucially on some relatively minor changes that made the human mind." #TED2015
How do you think our lives will change when we have self-driving cars? #TED2015 
"We've been trying to make cars smarter to fix that bug: the driver." - @google's Chris Urmson, on creating a driverless car #TED2015
6 billion minutes are wasted in traffic every day. Self-driving cars might help us fix that, says @google's Chris Urmson. #TED2015
"We have taught a machine to see with the eyes of a coach." @RajivMaheswaran on teaching computers to interpret a sports game #TED2015
How can we teach computers to see? The same way a child learns to recognize objects and identify what they see. - Fei-Fei Li #TED2015
"If you consider a child’s eyes as a pair of biological cameras, they take one picture every 200 milliseconds.” - Fei-Fei Li #TED2015
"It’s okay that we’re not perfect. It’s okay that we all have problems. It’s okay to cry, to show emotions.”  #TED2015
Daniel Kish has learned to see by clicking to create a sonar signal (the same way bats navigate). #TED2015 
@ChristyvanderM If you're watching the livestream, you can watch the archive later!
"Fear immobilizes us in the face of challenge." - Daniel Kish, on overcoming fear to live fully #TED2015
“Impressions about blindness are far more threatening to blind people than blindness itself.” - Daniel Kish #TED2015
"We do not see reality as it is. Evolution has given us an interface that guides reality." - Donald Hoffman, on perception #TED2015
“It sounds crazy to see with your tongue, but vision is just electrochemical signals and the brain doesn’t care how it gets them.” #TED2015
"We are very unlikely to see technology even approximating the computational power of a human child in my lifetime or yours.” #TED2015
The TED theater got a mini-makeover for #TED2015. Here's what changed:  
5 ways to keep your data safe right now, from @TEDFellow @csoghoian:  #TED2015
For everyone who had their minds blown by Abe Davis tonight, another reason to love him:  @SupSexyScience #TED2015
9 expert tips for your next flight from travel writer Pico Iyer:  #TED2015 #stillnessinmotion
"The only way to change consciousness and the world around us is to start with yourself." - Marina Abramović #TED2015
“We are so full of pain and loneliness.” - Marina Abramović, on what she saw looking into strangers' eyes #TED2015
New technology can use video to capture sound vibrations and turn everything into a microphone. @SupSexyScience #TED2015
"There are mushrooms that grow faster than 3D-printed parts." @Joseph_DeSimone's method is 25-100x faster, inspired by Terminator 2 #TED2015
@jledbetter ha yes it certainly did
"In all of human history, anytime someone has waged a war on science, science has won." @djrothkopf #TED2015
"...to an era of cool war where the costs of conflict are so low that we may never stop fighting.” (2/2) - @djrothkopf #TED2015
“We’ve gone from an era in the Cold War in which it was too costly to fight a nuclear war..." (1/2) #TED2015
“We have a creativity crisis in Washington.” How could we change politics to make it more forward-looking? #TED2015
“Can we carve out a future which is peaceful and mutually prosperous, or are we looking at a future of war?” @MrKRudd on US/China #TED2015
"It takes courage to uncover the deeper truths." - @TEDchris, on this year's theme 'Truth and Dare' #TED2015
#TED2015 begins in 3... 2... 1... 
This "calligraffiti" by @elseedart uses the beauty of Arabic script to break down stereotypes: #TED2015 
Could laser therapy potentially cure HIV? @TEDFellow Patience Mthunzi is trying to find out. #TED2015
“I live btwn two tropes: angry black female &amp; strong black female. Vulnerability &amp; joy are narratives I rarely see.” @CamilleABrown #TED2015
“When you give people the tools to ask questions, they will surprise you with what they discover.” — @davidtlang #TED2015
#TED2015 starts today! Here's what we tell speakers to think about right before they go onstage: 
So many extraordinary talks in this session...mark your calendars!  #TED2015 
“With a sail taller than a person, the Spinosaurus makes our imaginary dragons look boring.” — Nazir Ibrahim #TED2015 
“For me, the main story of war isn’t the fighting, but what the military calls collateral damage: civilians.” — Jost Frank #TED2015
“Excitement about colonizing Mars has a long, dark shadow: belief that it will save us from the destruction of Earth." @shaka_lulu #TED2015
I was held hostage for 317 days. Here's what I thought about: 
"There are no words for the depths of loneliness I reached in that very thin border between sanity and madness." 
Want to make your political representative listen to you? Get writing. 
Incredible new science allows monkeys to send messages brain-to-brain. And this is only the beginning... 
"Strange chemical elements in the spectrum of a planet host star can be a signal from a civilization." 
@cindygallop We're so sorry about that, Cindy! Checked with the team and they'll have it to you asap. Looking forward to seeing you :)
"The capacity for us to do something smarter together for the greater good lifts us both up." 
"We all think a lot about how to live well. I'd like to talk about increasing our chances of dying well." 
"To be tender is to accept your loved one's weaknesses." 
7 reasons why people just don't care about politics: 
Why this man thinks we'll pick up a signal from aliens in the next two decades: 
"The 15 largest ships pollute as much as all the cars in the world." Why shipping should be more sustainable: 
"This next piece is technically the best poem in the world, according to five French strangers." 
"Muslims are much more likely to be victims of fundamentalist violence than its perpetrators." 
How the future of architecture will be shaped by...you:  
@Braddo Ha! So good.
"If we know what it takes to have a healthcare system instead of a sick-care system, why don't we just do it?" 
@JodyClaman @marshalederman We're so excited to be here!
This man turns juggling into an art form: 
"The key to heroism is to act when other people are passive." 
"Our role as leaders is to set the stage, not perform on it." How companies can encourage creative thinking: 
10 research tips for finding answers online: 
3 rules to spark learning and get kids excited about how the world works: 
"The message a lot of kids get from porn is that good sex is about mechanics." Why that's harmful: 
What I learned as a kid in jail: 
"The most fantastic thing about the present time is that we're actually still here." A Q&amp;A with William Gibson: 
If you don't already love classical music, you will after this talk: 
11 #TEDTalks about teeny, tiny things: 
#TED2015 starts tomorrow! We're so excited about this year's amazing speakers:  
Do we have an unhealthy obsession with choice? 
"When people come together and put themselves all into the same movement, they can move mountains." 
7 #TEDTalks to help you slow down and enjoy life: 
How our brains are wired to believe really weird things: 
"The extent to which you have a design style is the extent to which you have not solved the design problem." 
"Objects tell stories." Why great design is more than just a pretty facade: 
5 #TEDTalks to help you forget that you're doing chores: 
Need another reason to be freaked out by crows? Here you go: 
5 #TEDTalks on the truth about lying: 
The surprisingly simple science of turning sand dunes into buildings:  
The bizarre story of a groundbreaking piece of WWII technology with a deeply unexpected result: 
Happy birthday, Albert Einstein! How he transformed our understanding of the universe:  via @TED_ED
"The quantum universe is far stranger than Einstein wanted to believe." His last great contribution to physics: 
"Hard choices are hard because there is no best option." 
Why aerial bombing almost never works: 
"Sometimes the self seems to just melt away. And when that happens, the feeling is ecstatic." 
"Much is to be gained by eBooks, but something is definitely lost: a sensual experience, a little bit of humanity." 
How open data is being used to do extraordinary things, beyond what we could have imagined: 
"No precautions can avoid problems we don't foresee. We need a stance of problem-fixing, not problem-avoidance." 
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship: 
Happy Pi Day! Get to know everyone's favorite irrational number:  via @TED_ED
Crush your next presentation with the help of these #TEDTalks: 
The 20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time: 
Want to be a great leader? Hire people who argue with you. 
"We are abusing this great power we have to be wise stewards, and we're destroying the world." 
7 #TEDTalks on the complexity of memory: 
How your brain creates meaning and makes sense of big ideas:  
How the languages we speak affect the way we think: 
10 math talks to blow your mind:  
"It's not happiness that makes us grateful; it's gratefulness that makes us happy." 
Want to recharge your creative spirits? Try this: 
"American democracy is vitally dependent on good people who cherish the ideals of our system." 
"We desperately need great communication from our scientists and engineers in order to change the world." 
"Sometimes we need to go to the opposite side of the world to realize assumptions we didn't even know we had." 
"Those who fail get another opportunity. We always get another opportunity." 
This adorable kid just might be the next Steve Jobs:  
The untold story of David and Goliath, or the advantage of being an underdog: 
9 #TEDTalks about how your brain works: 
"Visual information is effortless, and if you're navigating a dense information jungle, it's a relief." 
Meet the family that has translated 2,000 #TEDTalks: 
Does racism affect how you vote? @NateSilver538 uses stats to uncover a fascinating insight: 
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why: 
"If I controlled the Internet, you could auction your broken heart on eBay." 
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
"The thing that makes Goliath seem strong is the source of his greatest weakness." 
"If you censor one journalist, it intimidates others, and soon nations are silenced." 
5 #TEDTalks to kickstart your creativity: 
"The reality is, hackers can do a lot more than break things. They can bring people together." 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
10 #TEDTalks to help you shake off rejection:  
"I want to shake your confidence that you know your innermost mind." 
The 10 most popular @TEDx talks: 
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
How pollution comes back to haunt us on the dinner table: 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
How to buy happiness: 
The killer American diet that's sweeping the planet: 
"Hard choices are precious opportunities for us to become the distinctive people that we are." 
Why "follow your passion" can be terrible career advice: 
"Everything great in life and business is born out of great communication. Sex is no different." - @cindygallop 
"If you're grateful, you act out of a sense of 'enough' and not out of a sense of scarcity." 
"I need to do everything in my power to eradicate racism in my lifetime." 
"The humanity we all share is more important than the mental illness we may not." 
3 quick and clever poems about odd love: 
"My image is already inside the paper. I just have to remove what's not from that story."  
How @instagram is revolutionizing architecture -- and giving you control of how your neighborhood looks: 
Bertrand Piccard begins around-the-world flight in a plane that requires no fuel: 
"Our online data is more than just a collection of 1s and 0s. It's our lives, our hopes and aspirations." 
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
Is the obesity crisis hiding a bigger problem?
"I teach high school math. I sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it." 
Watch this before you accept all the meeting invites cluttering up your inbox: 
Should you live for your résumé ... or your eulogy? 
"Student questions are the seeds of real learning." Why curiosity is essential to education: 
"The buildings of tomorrow are going to look a lot different than the buildings of today." 
"Life itself is just a thin coat of paint on this planet. And we're the ones that hold the paintbrush." 
"Muslim women are needed as critical agents of change in this transformative moment in Islamic history." 
"As citizens of a planet in trouble, it is our responsibility to deal with the dramatic loss in diversity of life." 
These are the buildings of the future:  
How to be less ignorant about the world: 
Doctors make mistakes. Here's why we need to talk about that: 
This is what happens when your slides won't load at a TED conference: 
"Architecture is about those visceral, emotional connections that we feel to the places we occupy." @marchitizer 
"We're hurrying through our lives. We're living the fast life, instead of the good life." 
Two mistakes we all make when we try to make a decision: 
Think you're an understanding person? Try this radical experiment in empathy: 
3 ways people react when they learn they're about to die: 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list: 
The one thing that completely saps your motivation at work: 
"If you raise your level of positivity, then your brain performs significantly better." 
"Architects know how to make buildings greener, smarter, friendlier. We've just been waiting for you to want them." 
10 stunning buildings show the future of architecture:  
The future of architecture will look like this:  
Fun ways to teach your kids the value of a dollar: 
"Spoken word poetry cracks open locks." — @kaysarahsera 
Simple ways to help yourself commit to a goal and stick with it: 
This architect helped his entire community benefit from his education:  
"In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever to remember that life is brief and tender." 
Why your office should look more like the local pub: 
What do you want to know about the mathematics of love? Join @FryRsquared's @Reddit_AMA now &amp; ask her anything! 
Would you negotiate with someone you knew to be evil, to save lives? 
What can math tell us about history? Quite a lot, it turns out: 
Stuck in middle management? Here's what you need to know if you want a top leadership position: 
"Forget micro-entrepreneurs. Let's invest in building pan-African titans." 
"We focus on the pursuit of happiness as though it's an object we have to go out and get." 
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and trust." 
How to save the world from unnecessary meetings (because seriously, enough is enough): 
"Celebrate your own style. Don't draw the way you're being told to draw. Draw the way you're drawing." 
6 ideas from creative thinkers to shake up your work routine: 
Is your old cell phone collecting dust? Use it to help save the rainforest instead: 
"Globalization has taken us by surprise, and we've been slow to respond to it." How we can catch up: 
A child imprisoned for protecting his mother and the lawyer who saved his life: 
"I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys, because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me." 
How many ways can you arrange a deck of cards?  via @TED_ED
"Prisons can be more than a bucket for failed social policy." 
The amazing, freaky science of mind-controlling parasites: 
"One of the simplest facts in business is something we often neglect: We're all human." 
Why social media is booming in China, despite heavy  censorship: 
"Women working together -- linked, informed and educated -- can bring peace and prosperity." 
The chilling story of the mind games that helped East Germany's secret police gain power: 
Powerful photos of modern slavery -- and human survival:  
"Talking about sex is no different than talking about anything else. No matter how much you want it to be." 
"Data-mining is not for nerds anymore. It's also for jocks." How virtual reality will change sports: 
"Even as a kid, or maybe even especially as a kid, my voice mattered." 
How we can painlessly generate vast quantities of new bone: 
"Discover what it is that gives you pain, and then refuse to inflict that pain on anybody else." 
Think mass surveillance isn't a problem because you're not doing anything wrong? Think again. 
23 years ago, Shaka Senghor shot and killed a man. His powerful story of atonement: 
"A society will not be free if the women of that society are not free."  #HappyWomensDay
"Companies fail because they missed the future." - Google CEO Larry Page 
"This next piece is technically the best poem in the world, according to five French strangers." 
4 inspiring kids imagine the future of learning:  
"Together, this is the one form of child abuse that we could eradicate in our lifetime." 
"Correctly using computers is the silver bullet for making math education work." 
"Tech companies are the world's largest editors. They decide what is too offensive or provocative for you to see." 
Sugar pills, injections of nothing — they often really work: 
How technology has changed sports -- and made athletes much, much better: 
Powerful and practical advice for those who hope to change the world: 
How one composer writes for specific venues, from underground lounges to Carnegie Hall: 
"I wouldn't trade my autism and my imagination for the world." 
Gorgeous sculptures made from old encyclopedias and outdated medical textbooks:  
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
These families are just like yours, with one important difference:  
How do you slow down a busy life? Watch @Oprah talk with @TEDBooks author Pico Iyer:  
How to find the courage to do what you love, even when failure is likely: 
This artist created a sculptural love letter to Spider-Man:  
"There is really mathematical evidence to say that you should never let the sun go down on your anger." 
The 9 limits of our planet... and how we've raced past 4 of them: 
The surprising thing that robots can't do yet: 
Why 30 is not the new 20: 
This eye-catching subway installation shows slow-motion portraits of everyday New Yorkers:  
Your emails are like postcards that everyone can read. Here's a better option: 
"In order for connection to happen, we have to allow ourselves to be seen, really seen." 
Weird things we know about the 6,000 miles of road in New York City: 
Explorer Mark Plotkin shares his story of rediscovering a lost city in Honduras: 
"You need coalitions of the willing and of the unwilling to make change." 
"Governments have become completely disconnected from what actually matters to people." 
"What happens to the last community using paper notes when the rest of the world moves to digital currency?" 
10 #TEDTalks by women that everyone should watch:  #womensday
Want to watch #TED2015 with your friends? Sign up here: 
5 #TEDTalks on why sleep is so important: 
"Women are multifaceted. Not because women are crazy, but because people are crazy, and women happen to be people." 
How should we tell women’s stories in the news? Ask women to tell them: 
"Mathematics is not just solving for x; it's also figuring out why." 
These #TEDTalks will help you become a confident, compelling public speaker: 
6 fascinating #TEDTalks on how language changes over time:  
Do you know which chemical combos cause explosions? How to understand the periodic table: 
"The measure of a free society is not how it treats its good citizens, but how it treats its dissidents." 
Are lefties more creative? 10 popular psychology myths, busted: 
10 questions to ask your family around the dinner table: 
Think your email's private? Think again. 
"We have an oversimplified and increasingly outmoded view of the biological basis of psychiatric disorders." 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language:  
"Everything great in life and business is born out of great communication. Sex is no different." 
One of the most obese cities in the US lost a million pounds. Here's how they did it: 
16 objects you might find in a pawn shop in 2050:  
11 #TEDTalks to watch when you have no idea what to do with your life:  
"Being different isn't easy, especially in Russia."  
6 #TEDTalks on how language changes over time:  
"This happened to me because I was born a girl in the wrong place."  
What color is a mirror? The power of asking really weird questions: 
"If we want privacy online, we have to go out and get it ourselves." Why we need true email privacy: 
11 #TEDTalks to watch with kids: 
When a composer gets bored with music, things get weird: 
"How do I balance narratives that are wonderful with narratives of wounds and self-loathing?" 
How people around the world think about parenting: 
"Next time you're about to throw out an appliance, don't. Take it apart with your kid." 
"We're trying to cross a chasm here between school math and real-world math." 
Why all it takes to be more compassionate is the simple act of noticing: 
How we can nurture and celebrate different ways of thinking: 
"Stress, worry, anger all decrease with age." Why older people are happier: 
"If you're listening consciously, you can take control of the sound around you." 
Watch what happens inside the brain during musical improvisation: 
"Education allows refugee children to think of their future. Of hope, rather than hatred." 
A fascinating talk on how bacteria talk to each other -- and what they do in your body: 
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
The story of Nikola Tesla, or "the greatest geek who ever lived," told with stunning visual flair: 
The last undeciphered script from the ancient world—and how we're figuring out what it means:  
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship: 
"What's it like to be a baby? It's like being in love in Paris for the first time after 3 double-espressos." 
The science of setting goals: 
Have an old cell phone collecting dust? Put it to good use and help save the rainforest: 
"Hard choices are precious opportunities for us to become the distinctive people that we are." 
"We have a system of justice that treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent." 
"Twenty years from now, the word privacy is going to have a completely different meaning." 
What's it like to be a woman in competitive gaming? A female gamer explains: 
"No free and open society can long sustain this kind of rising economic inequality. It has never happened." 
"We have to let machines evolve and learn like children." How this strange robot taught itself to walk: 
"Art is our weapon. Culture is a form of resistance." 
Meet the accidental astronomer who inspired a comic book: 
"Our desire to alter our state of consciousness may be as fundamental as our desire for food, water, and sex." 
"In my experience, there is something addictive about tasting life at the very edge of what's humanly possible." 
"No matter how good an aid organization is at what they do, they eventually have to go home." 
"The Beatles did not invent teenagers. They merely decided to lead them." 
"Chronic loneliness poses as significant a risk for your long-term health and longevity as cigarette smoking." 
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
"Aliens might be very far away. Perhaps, I dare say, even on other planets." - @hodgman 
How a dead duck changed one scientist's life: 
"Real innovation is in finding ways to include everyone." The problem with trickle-down techonomics: 
7 ways to practice emotional first aid:  
We've come a long way since Pong. 
Should paper dictionaries become a thing of the past? 
"No one can tell us what our experience means. We have to decide what it means." 
A doctor's personal story about treating transgender teens: 
"Story is powerful. Story is fluid, and it belongs to nobody." 
"Your home is whatever in this world you love more than you love yourself."  
"Ever notice how we tend to identify ourselves by our wounds?" 
“Social change is not going to come from knowing more information, but from doing something with it.” 
Common myths about what makes you live longer, debunked: 
"Identify the best, worthiest thing that you love most and then build your house right on top of it." 
"To really be happy, we need to stay completely immersed and focused on our experience in the moment." 
"Claim your experience, but don't let it claim you." 
"Stigma gives unofficial license to treat people living with HIV unlike other citizens." 
"The most miserable and tragic thing about poverty is not the lack of bread, but the feeling of being no one." 
"Candor and brutal honesty are critical to us collectively being great parents." 
"There are more taboos around parenting than there are around sex." 
"Joy is so important to your health." Why healthy behaviors won't stick unless there's joy in them: 
"If we started to think about how we feed our kids as a health initiative, we wouldn't have corn dogs as lunch." 
"We should be working with nature, not trying to control it." The future of food, with @jamieoliver: 
"Gender has always been considered a fact, immutable. We now know it's more fluid, complex, and mysterious." 
"The world is never saved in grand messianic gestures, but in everyday acts of compassion." 
How CERN's supercollider can help us discover the secrets of the universe: 
The microbes on your skin are almost as unique as your fingerprints. Here's what they say about you: 
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
"What I'm passionate about is the inextinguishable, undaunted appetite for learning and experience." 
"Finishing Ebola right now means turning the tables on this virus and beginning to hunt it." 
"Muslims are much more likely to be victims of fundamentalist violence than its perpetrators." 
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
What doctors don't learn about death and dying: 
"You can fundamentally change your reaction to fear." Here's how: 
An intimate look at the world's hidden music rituals: 
"Beauty doesn't equate to goodness, and it certainly doesn't equate to contentment." 
This young boy invented a brilliant way to protect his village from lion attacks -- without hurting the lions: 
"What if we decided to search for those small coincidences in life that are truly amazing?" 
A delightful ode to language, for all the word-lovers out there: 
"What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E = mc² for intelligence that I've seen." 
This is what happens when quadcopters join the circus:  
How we can heal the minds of criminal psychopaths: 
"If I get vaccinated, not only am I protecting myself, I am also protecting others." 
"I don't have the luxury of being angry. I need to do everything in my power to eradicate racism in my lifetime." 
"Many of us think that compassion drains us, but I promise you it truly enlivens us." 
How should we talk about mental health? Thoughtful ideas from experts: 
5 things design icon @johnmaeda can't live without:  
Why do some of us get attacked by mosquitos while others are ignored? Blame our microbes: 
Can you figure out how this magician does his mind-boggling card tricks? 
"A known reward excites people, but what really gets them going is the uncertain reward." 
8 must-read books about business: 
"I wouldn't trade my autism and my imagination for the world." 
These artists paint neighborhoods to give them new life. Hear their inspiring story:  
"You know how exhausting it can be to try to be perfect when you're not, or to be somebody that you aren't?" 
Why do we talk about sex like it's a baseball game? Let's try this metaphor instead: 
6 #TEDTalks on how to tell a story: 
"If you give people power without oversight, it's a prescription for abuse." 
Feeling sleepy at work? Why your office might need less light, not more: 
What veterinarians know that doctors don't: 
How to expose the corrupt (and why we so desperately need to): 
This is what teens really want to know about sex:  
5 facts you should know about the women who shaped modern physics: 
"Everyone's entitled to their opinion. But you're not entitled to your own facts." 
"Disability is the elephant in the room." The courage to embrace all of yourself: 
"The design of a street can tell you everything about what's expected on it." How we made New York City safer: 
"Our minds and our feelings are not the trustworthy friends we thought they were." 
A funny, high-energy ode to mothers everywhere: 
How we can make games like World of Warcraft to solve real-world problems: 
"If the monster wants you, the monster's gonna get you." 3 ways to strengthen yourself against dementia: 
This super-thin 3-inch disk can levitate something 70,000 times its own weight. Here's how:  
“Perception is subjective. What we think we see is filtered through our own mind’s eye.” 
"I am not normal. I’ve seen things most people have never seen, and I have a responsibility not to be silent." 
Pretty soon, kids will start asking for a robot instead of a dog: 
"If you're feeling fear and despair, your mind narrows down to very safe and conservative ways of thinking." 
How does your memory work? 7 #TEDTalks explain: 
What Fabien Cousteau learned from living underwater for 31 days:  
20 words that once meant something completely different: 
"The government knows far too much about what goes on behind closed doors." 
"Visual information is effortless, and if you're navigating a dense information jungle, it's a relief." 
"When we dare to create conflict, we enable ourselves and the people around us to do our very best thinking." 
"Let's make technologies that make people more human, and not less." 
"Dance has never had a better friend than technology." How @YouTube is changing the face of dance: 
"In that moment, I knew that I was no longer the choreographer of my life." A stroke of insight: 
A sparkling talk on what goes into some of the world's smartest cartoons: 
Powerful #TEDTalks on the importance of educating girls: 
Will our kids be a different species? Why we might be evolving faster than we think: 
How bonobos are becoming more like us:  
11 of the funniest TED Talk spoofs, and what speakers can learn from them: 
Modern politics turn you off? 8 #TEDTalks to restore your faith in politics: 
"The thing that makes Goliath seem strong is the source of his greatest weakness." 
"This whole crisis started with one case, and it's going to finish with one case." Where we stand with Ebola: 
"Thinking about death clarifies your life." How one artist helps you do that:  
"Stop this notion that you need to plan everything, and focus on being connected, always learning, fully present." 
"If a picture is worth a thousand words, then a picture of a face needs a new vocabulary."  
"The truth won't set us free until we develop the skills and the moral courage to use it." 
4 tips for better thinking from inventors who made big mistakes: 
"Biodiversity underpins all life on earth, and yet we keep destroying it."  
How do you find stillness in the chaos of daily life? 6 TED speakers share their strategies: 
A bitingly funny look at how suburbia makes us miserable:  
"Celebrate your own style. Don't draw the way you're being told to. Draw the way you're drawing and keep at it." 
The math and magic of origami:  
"Feminism is not a rulebook but a discussion, a conversation, a process." 
3 lessons for designing products the whole world uses: 
"As a species, we have a moral obligation to enhance ourselves." See if you agree with this ethicist's rationale: 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
How we found the worst place to park in New York City -- using big data:  
How spiders weave their magnificent webs:  
"If you’re willing to die for someone, it’s clearly a form of love, and it’s the core reason that men miss war." 
"Language isn't one or two words together. It relates to how we think, how we see each other, how others see us." 
"We've been fishing the seas like we clear-cut forests. It's hard to overstate the destruction." 
Fascinating funeral traditions from around the world:  
This common sense belief is wrong -- the opposite is true: 
Need another reason to be freaked out by crows? Here you go: 
A powerful life lesson from a volunteer firefighter:  
“Spending on other people has a bigger return for you than spending on yourself.” 
Stories of people who started hallucinating -- even though they were completely sane: 
The future of fake meat:  
"Why don't we ask for the things we need?" A simple way to be more open with those you love: 
"Less meat, less junk, more plants." A passionate call to change the way we eat: 
"If you raise your level of positivity, then your brain performs significantly better." 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
#NetNeutrality has been approved! Here's why an open Internet matters: 
"To walk across a melting ocean of ice is without a doubt the most frightening thing."  
"When extra resources are scarce, go within yourself to tap the most abundant resource: human ingenuity." 
"If you really want to rediscover wonder, you need to step outside of that tiny, terrified space of rightness." 
13 #TEDTalks full of totally weird, random facts: 
A charming story of an Arctic seal that fell in love with a photographer:  
How hidden cameras are changing the game in the fight for human rights:  
"It'll be possible for our digital personas to continue to interact in the real world long after we're gone." 
This man uses forensics to give a voice to the voiceless: 
Why fireflies light up in the dark, and other secrets of these beloved bugs:  
"We are at the point where China was when its boom years began." A compelling talk on innovation in Africa: 
"We are designing technology that will give us the illusion of companionship without the demands of friendship." 
How can we protect cultural diversity? These beautiful music videos offer a solution: 
"Human relationships are messy and demanding, and we clean them up with technology." Why that's a problem: 
What does inequality do to our bodies and minds?  
"If you live with your head in the clouds every now and then, it helps you keep your feet on the ground." 
How butterflies might help us discover the life-saving medicines of tomorrow:  
Beautiful photos of polar ice caps and the furry creatures that live there:  
"At work, we're often so busy 'communicating' that we don't have time to think." 
4 ways to donate to good causes more effectively: 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." On a more empowering view of disability: 
"There's only one thing you have to do to create women leaders: let them know that they have what it takes." 
Meet the man who slashed the cost of building a rocket by 75 percent: 
"Real equality means valuing family just as much as work, and understanding that the two reinforce each other." 
"It's not having experiences that make us wise; it's reflecting on the experiences that we've had." 
Want to learn Chinese? Start with these simple characters:  
The dirty secret you need to know about your cell phone: 
"Huge areas of ice are breaking off from Antarctica the size of small nations."  
"Research shows that almost 50% of children diagnosed with autism are actually suffering from hidden brain seizures." 
"Our default wiring is to help. But then the question is, why don't we?" Why we aren't more compassionate: 
"Don't be afraid of talking to your adversaries, but don't bracket what happened before you entered the room." 
Welcome to the future where you can download a new toothbrush: 
How technology is allowing people to coordinate en masse -- and giving them unprecedented power: 
"In the midst of incredible loss, people who had nothing absolved a man who had taken everything from them." 
"Apologize for what you have done, but never apologize for who you are." 
"A closet is no place for a person to truly live." The power of coming out: 
"Self-control is not a problem in the future. It's only a problem now when the chocolate is next to us." 
"There has to be political noise and political costs in response to massive crimes against humanity." 
Stunning, psychedelic photos where art and science collide:  
"There's nothing wrong with picking and mixing, with taking out the best sides of religion." 
"The world is now so noisy that it's just hard to listen. It's tiring to listen." 
Beautiful photos of abandoned Italian villages:  
"A good reader has an artist's passion, but just as importantly, the coolness of judgment of a scientist." 
"Love is in us. It's deeply embedded in the brain. Our challenge is to understand each other." 
When is the last time you did absolutely nothing for 10 minutes? The transformative power of doing just that: 
"Those who fail get another opportunity. We always get another opportunity." 
“We can’t reliably distinguish true memories from false memories." How we remember things that didn't happen: 
Sometimes weather is jaw-dropping:  
Learn how we create our own happiness in this fascinating, classic talk: 
Astonishing photos of Earth's fresh water and how we use it:  
Need a confidence boost? Try power posing: 
"In the headlong dash of daily life, we often lose sight of the damage this roadrunner form of living does." 
"The science is clear; early adversity dramatically affects health across a lifetime." 
"We will venture into outer space, and we will start inhabiting it. I have no doubt about it." 
"We can't think about cancer -- let alone any disease -- in black-and-white terms." 
"A child who has not been read to is in danger when they get to school." 
"There is no greater joy than working together." 
How a difficult childhood affects your health in the long run: 
The microbes on your skin are almost as unique as your fingerprints. Here's what they say about you: 
3 ways to create a kinder, more generous society: 
"Our capacity to screw up is not something we can eradicate or overcome. It's fundamental to who we are." 
For these women, reading is an act of daring:  
“The three pounds of microbes that you carry around might be more important than every single gene in your genome." 
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
"The education process begins even before the child is born." 
"The crisis of desire is often a crisis of the imagination." 
10 of the weirdest, oldest, fastest creatures in the ocean:  
Gorgeous sculptures made from old encyclopedias and outdated medical textbooks:  
Powerful photos of women who risk their lives to learn:  
"Does true altruism exist, or are we so selfish?" 
11 #TEDTalks full of wise words to live by: 
These women risk their lives to do something you do every day: 
"Numbers are the musical notes with which the symphony of the universe is written." 
Imagine exploring these stunning ice caves:  
How to go to space, without having to go to space:  
“Our bodies change our minds, and our minds can change our behavior, and our behavior can change our outcomes.” 
Are you easily fooled by statistics? Test yourself with the quizzes in this talk: 
"Creativity is essential to all of us, whether we're artists or scientists, parents or entrepreneurs." 
This is ancient ice extracted from the Antarctic and bathed in polarized light:  
What if it doesn't rain? How satellite technology helps African farmers insure against drought: 
"Chasing meaning is better for your health than trying to avoid discomfort." 
"The erotic mind is not very politically correct." 
"Conscious listening always creates understanding." How to listen better: 
Powerful photos of modern slavery -- and human survival:  
10 real-life love stories that'll grab you by the heart:  via @StoryCorps 
"If you want to be fully human and fully humane, you need to learn to live, not without regret, but with it." 
11 biomaterials that can heal the human body (including biting ants):  
This is what pollen looks like through a scanning electron microscope:  
"The miracle of your mind isn't that you can see the world as it is. It's that you can see the world as it isn't." 
5 #TEDTalks to help you forget that you're doing chores: 
"I don't have the luxury of being angry. I need to do everything in my power to eradicate racism in my lifetime." 
"Words are like LEGO. If you use enough force, you can put any two of them together." 
The unrecognized health crisis that affects all of us:  
10 #TEDTalks for parents who are short on time but starved for intellectual stimulation: 
Intimate photos of Afghanistan that go beyond the headlines:  
This is a ghost heart that may one day become a personalized human heart:  
Why accepting that you may be wrong is the greatest moral, intellectual, and creative leap you can make: 
Can you spot the invisible man?  
How scientists are starting to map the human brain:  via @TEDRadioHour
Stunning photos of a winter wonderland:  
Think you've got a terrible memory? You don't know the half of it: 
This artist carves new life into old books:  
The how-to's of powerful speaking — from handy vocal exercises to tips on speaking with empathy: 
"Even at its best, dieting is a waste of time and energy." 
Why we should stop trying to raise happy children: 
Astonishing photos of caves made from ice and snow:  
"Nothing replaces the loss of a son, not even another son." Heartbreaking photos of loss:  
"We humans have extraordinary potential for goodness, but also immense power to do harm." 
Striking photos of sharks -- and why they need our protection:  
"Our own mind can be our best friend or our worst enemy."  
This incredible talk got the longest standing ovation in TED's history: 
"Prejudice and bias are natural, and once we understand them, we're in a better position when they go wrong." 
"Always be looking for that which you do well and that which you love doing." 
Why do we sleep? 5 #TEDTalks explain: 
Watch these #TEDTalks when it seems like hope is lost: 
A journey through the last 30 years of tech -- with a jaw-dropping prediction about what's coming next: 
“Give yourself permission and time to think about what it is you want to experience in your life." 
"I've never met a man who's been asked how he does it all." 
A crash course in how to recognize deception: 
"The baby's brain seems to be the most powerful learning computer on the planet." 
How to bring your mind into the present moment and let go of stressful thoughts: 
Why do some people see sound in color? The brain's oddities, explained: 
"Claim your adulthood. Don't be defined by what you didn't know or didn't do. You're deciding your life right now." 
A simple way to save more of your paycheck: 
What the best education systems are doing right: 
Why wine tastes better if you think it's expensive, and more curious facts about pleasure: 
A clever, easy way to turn family chaos into peace and calm: 
16 common words and phrases that were actually invented by Shakespeare: 
Meet the instrument of the future (invented in 1928): 
As companies get more complex, 6 rules to simplify: 
"Our communities are so unique and beautiful. They demand us to find ways to be acknowledged and respected." 
3 ways to create a kinder, more generous society: 
"Adverse childhood experiences are the single greatest unaddressed public health threat facing our nation today." 
"Great leaders dare to be different. They don't just talk about risk-taking; they actually do it." 
"We need sustainable harmony, not sustainable growth." 
Growing up with this increases your risk for 7 leading causes of death in the United States: 
An electrifying performance sure to make you smile: 
"Your job is not to be perfect. Your job is only to be human." 
"We have to let machines evolve and learn like children." Why we should build self-aware robots: 
8 #TEDTalks for people who love food: 
"Chinese food is the most pervasive food on the planet, served on all seven continents, even Antarctica." 
8 #TEDTalks on how to be a better listener: 
11 #TEDTalks to watch with kids: 
Why we often turn a blind eye to the biggest problems around us: 
The next Steve Jobs is a 12-year-old kid in California: 
5 moral values that shape our political views: 
Why we need to fight for what's right, even when it's hard:  
"You may think it is ignorant to speak broken English, but even articulate Americans sound foolish to the British." 
"Monsters exist in all of us; the broken parts of ourselves, sadness, secret shame." 
"Nothing important happens in life without a cost." 
Why you should put your cell phone down and be here now: 
How to let kindness guide your choices in life: 
"We need the courage to look this problem in the face and say, 'This is real, and this is all of us.'" 
"This is just a plumbing problem." How a boiler engineer fixed his own heart: 
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it: 
"30 days is just about the right amount of time to add a new habit or subtract a habit from your life." 
"Chronic loneliness poses as signficant a risk for your long-term health and longevity as cigarette smoking." 
10 great #TEDTalks to celebrate Black History Month: 
4 ways to heal your emotional wounds and build resilience: 
What happens when you remove the brain's hippocampus?  via @TED_ED
Amazing stories of who our past presidents were as people: 
"When you get rejected, the first thing you should do is to revive your self-esteem, not beat it to a pulp." 
Why Americans don't hear more about what happens in the rest of the world: 
Why we all need to start practicing emotional hygiene: 
"When you're in emotional pain, treat yourself with the same compassion you would expect from a friend." 
How playing an instrument benefits your brain:  via @TED_ED
How spontaneous brain activity keeps you alive:  via @TED_ED
The history of our world in 18 minutes:  
"Our minds and our feelings are not the trustworthy friends we thought they were." 
5 moral values that shape your political choices: 
The moral roots of liberals and conservatives: 
The dirty secret you need to know about your cell phone: 
4 truths about parenting that no one wants to admit: 
"Loneliness creates a deep psychological wound, one that distorts our perception and scrambles our thinking." 
Why some people find exercise harder than others: 
10 mind-blowing #TEDTalks about math: 
Why we make bad decisions: 
Simple ways to raise kids who are creative, confident, and in control of the world around them: 
"Our brains evolved for a very different world than the one in which we are living." 
“It takes lots of experience to learn how to care for people.” 
"Are we raising kids who don't know how to dream big dreams, whose biggest goal is getting the next A?" 
The benefits of a good night's sleep:  via @TED_ED
52 books worth reading, recommended by TED speakers:  
Stunning photos of the ocean's glory -- and horror:  
"Meditation offers the opportunity to step back and see that things aren't always as they appear." 
9 trippy TED Talks:  
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
“As teachers, we should strive to be the ordinary heroes, the moral exemplars, to the people we mentor.” 
How an app could help restore sight to over 30 million people:  
How to give more persuasive presentations: 
Why President George Washington was almost called Chief Magistrate Washington: 
The unexpected reason why the United States calls its leader "President" 
What Abraham Lincoln can teach us about living a meaningful life: 
"If you weed out all the error-prone health professionals, there won't be anybody left." 
"Everything we blog, everything we tweet, and everything we click is a public act of making media." 
Meet the mother whose son inspired the Ice Bucket Challenge: 
"Black holes can bang on space-time like mallets on a drum." 
George Takei shares his experience in a Japanese internment camp -- and explains why he still loves his country: 
"Equations and symbols aren't just things. They're a voice that speaks out about the incredible richness of nature." 
5 reasons why Muslim women choose to wear a headscarf: 
"I believe that self-mockery is one of the best means for a relationship to endure." 
Why violence against women is a men's issue too: 
"The tyranny of the loud encourages the tyranny of the nasty." Why you shouldn't click on clickbait: 
"You can find the strange in the familiar, as long as you look beyond what's already been brought to light." 
This teen's invention can be a huge help for Alzheimer's patients and their caregivers:  
"Babies and young children are like the research and development division of the human species." 
How a strange Norwegian reality show crashed Twitter: 
"I think babies and children are actually more conscious than we are as adults." 
Everything you need to knock your next presentation out of the park: 
"This is just a plumbing problem." How a boiler engineer fixed his own heart:  
We had a whole new appreciation for insects after this talk:  
"The next time you're faced with something unexpected, unwanted and uncertain, consider that it just may be a gift." 
"Our ancestors probably had several different sexual relationships going on at any given moment in their lives." 
Where did the concept of science for the public good come from? 
"We only accumulate objects in order to communicate with other minds. We do it to make them love us, to seduce them." 
Why we need to remember that science is not only for scientists: 
"We have made remarkable progress in the last hundred years, but if we want to continue, our future is in space." 
This is perhaps one of the greatest feats of evolution -- watch how it happens:  
"It's shocking to realize that only 28% of American adults have even a very basic level of science literacy." 
Here's what goes on in your brain when you imagine what others are thinking:  
How magnetic pulses can change people's moral judgments: 
This is what happens when your slides won't load at a TED conference: 
Doctors make mistakes. Here's why we need to talk about that: 
"To be tender is to accept your loved one's weaknesses." 
How love and consumerism have gotten all mixed up: 
5 #TEDTalks on the weird science of love:  
"Play up whatever it is that makes you different, even if you think that some people will find it unattractive." 
This beautiful talk is a love letter to the love letter: 
5 #TEDTalks to watch on Valentine's Day: 
"Our evolved sexuality is in direct conflict with many aspects of the modern world." 
This parrot has a vocabulary of more than 200 words and sounds:  
"To bring about a safer, more peaceful world in the Middle East, we need to create the space to hear Muslim women." 
What we still don't know about male anatomy: 
Wry photos turn stereotypes upside down:  
Powerful stories of a headscarf:  
"It’s tough to be a Muslim woman these days. We’ve become symbols, not individuals." 
10 real-life love stories that'll grab you by the heart, from StoryCorps: 
The weird future of tree villages and meat houses:  
Stunning photos of old books reborn as intricate art:  
"Being different isn't easy, especially in Russia."  
How bonobos are evolving much like we once did:  
"You need to find the right question. There is nothing worse than answering the wrong question well." 
"Muslim women are needed as critical agents of change in this transformative moment in Islamic history." 
This brilliant architect can fix any problem using one simple way of thinking: 
"As citizens of a planet in trouble, it's our moral responsibility to deal with the loss in diversity of life." 
3 mathematically verified tips to improve your love life: 
5 ways to prepare for a good end of life: 
This absurdly popular TV program is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry: 
How the smart use of data can be an act of courage in a sea of irrelevance: 
"With all this data out here, it might be a good idea not to look too far into the past of those you love." 
"We all think a lot about how to live well. I'd like to talk about increasing our chances of dying well." 
"When a language dies, we don't know what we lose with that language." 
Why city dwellers should ride an electric skateboard to work:  
"The mosquito has killed more humans than any other creature in human history." 
"The laws are ours, and no matter what your ethnicity, nationality, gender, race, they belong to us." 
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse:  
"I realized, for the first time, that my voice mattered." Find the courage to speak up against gender violence: 
"It's only in our lifetime that running has become associated with fear and pain." Why we're born to run: 
Why this man thinks we'll pick up a signal from aliens in the next two decades: 
"@YouTube has really changed the speed at which an individual can spread an idea around the world." 
"It is our humanity, and all the potential within it, that makes us beautiful." 
5 dangerous things you should let your kids do: 
"If I really want to change my life, I might best begin by changing my mind." 
A simple checklist that cuts your chance of dying in surgery by half: 
"Domestic violence happens to everyone -- all races, all religions, all income and education levels." 
"Mathematics is not just solving for x; it's also figuring out why." 
"Twitter is where most journalists now go. It's the de facto real-time newswire." 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list: 
"Go after what it is that creates meaning in your life and then trust yourself to handle the stress that follows." 
"Juggling work and family are not women's problems; they're family problems." 
This is what your brain was doing while you were sleeping: 
Want to make your political representative listen to you? Get writing. 
"A lot of the time the question of parenthood is, what do we validate in our children, and what do we cure in them?" 
How sliced bread caught on, and other stories of ideas that get people talking: 
Incredible new science allows monkeys to send messages brain-to-brain. And this is only the beginning... 
Why trust and cooperation are essential to good business: 
These powerful, paper microscopes could revolutionize healthcare in developing countries:  
"Leaders will choose to sacrifice so their people may gain." 
7 secrets to learning a new language: 
"Life itself is just a thin coat of paint on this planet. And we're the ones that hold the paintbrush." 
This is what happens when you lose everything: 
The surprising reason why you've never seen baby dinosaur bones: 
5 #TEDTalks to cheer you up on a bad day: 
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship: 
How to turn small talk into smart conversation:  
3 questions to help you understand people you disagree with: 
3 ways people react when they learn they're about to die: 
"If you raise your level of positivity, then your brain performs significantly better." 
"It's not happiness that makes us grateful; it's gratefulness that makes us happy." 
Simple lifestyle changes that can actually make your brain bigger: 
"Creativity is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status." 
"Hiding is a progressive habit. Once you start hiding, it becomes harder and harder to step forward and speak out." 
“Think of the US's drug war not as a rational policy, but as the international projection of a domestic psychosis.” 
"The humanity we all share is more important than the mental illness we may not." 
This father wired his house with video cameras to watch his infant son learn language. The results are fascinating: 
3 tricks to staying positive when life throws you a curveball: 
Don't let stage fright keep you quiet. Here's how to wow a crowd: 
One of the most important and overlooked human rights struggles in the world: 
10 #TEDTalks to help you speak powerfully: 
How butterflies can help us find life-saving medicines: 
"Listen to understand. By just being there, you may be the turning point they need." 
"How we look, though it is superficial and immutable, has a huge impact on our lives." 
Should you live for your résumé ... or your eulogy? 
Why we need to end the War on Drugs: 
How to be less ignorant about the world: 
How does your brain create your sense of self? Here's what we know so far: 
This talk will make you feel much better about the world: 
How a text message hotline is giving teens a safe, private way to ask for help: 
Fascinating studies on what keeps us happy at work: 
"Dance has never had a better friend than technology." How @YouTube is training the best dancers of tomorrow: 
2 mistakes we all make when we try to make a decision: 
Can you pass this ignorance quiz? See what you really know about the world: 
"Leadership is a choice; it is not a rank." 
"We're hurrying through our lives, instead of living them. We're living the fast life, instead of the good life." 
The one thing that completely saps your motivation at work: 
"In my view, color blindness is very dangerous because it means we're avoiding the problem." 
"I teach high school math. I sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it." 
"Segregation is a social construct. It's something we choose to do, and we can choose not to do it." 
"Compassion is the capacity to see clearly into the nature of suffering." 
"If you weed out all the error-prone health professionals, there won't be anybody left." 
"Jealousy is exhausting. It's a hungry emotion. It must be fed." 
"This is the gay agenda: equality. Not special rights, but the rights that were already written." 
7 reasons why people just don't care about politics: 
"What the drug cartels run is, quite literally, a franchise business." How they do it:  
"Numbers are the musical notes with which the symphony of the universe is written." 
“Perception is subjective. What we think we see is filtered through our own mind’s eye.” 
"How come every other organ in your body can get sick and you get sympathy, except the brain?" 
This problem has killed more people than every 20th century war combined: 
"Less meat, less junk, more plants." A passionate call to change the way we eat: 
This gel can make you stop bleeding instantly:  
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
"If I really want to change my life, I might best begin by changing my mind." 
"If you want to succeed, you've got to be okay with losing control." 
“Heart is what drives us and determines our fate.” 
20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time...have you seen them all? 
This beautiful talk is a love letter to the love letter: 
"If we don't teach our children to be alone, they will only know how to be lonely." 
A young guitar virtuoso meets his hero -- and gives a spectacular performance:  
Feel tired all the time? The surprising sleep cycle your body really wants: 
"Education is what people do to you, and learning is what you do to yourself." 
Why it's so hard to translate jokes and puns -- and how great translators do it: 
Think you're an understanding person? Try this radical experiment in empathy: 
"Big data is going to transform how we live, how we work, and how we think." Here's how: 
How cults hook people in with easy answers to complex questions: 
"Why don't we ask for the things we need?" A simple way to be more open with those you love: 
This talk will completely change the way you think about stress: 
"Self-discipline is like a muscle; the more you exercise it, the stronger it gets." 
Want a top leadership position? The surprising advice you need: 
"People around the world are getting better medicine -- but mentally, we're falling apart." 
Why do good people go bad? The psychology of evil: 
Once you hear these ideas, they'll come up in daily life all the time: 
Why "follow your passion" can be terrible career advice: 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when every conceivable bad thing has just happened to you: 
"With the smallest investment in the right places, you can radically transform the quality of your life." 
"We're all responsible for not just the intended effects of our ideas, but for their likely misuses." 
"Teaching is a creative profession, not a delivery system. Great teachers mentor, stimulate, provoke, engage." 
Having a quarter-life crisis? These talks will get you through: 
The side of terrorism that doesn't make headlines: 
What you don't know about AIDS in Africa: 
10 ways the world could end (and what we can do about it): 
Fun ways to teach kids to become tomorrow's leaders: 
How Star Trek will finally come true:  
"Nobody sensible simply wants more trust. Sensible people want to place their trust where it is deserved." 
Beautiful footage of... slime?  
10 myths about psychology, debunked: 
"A city is the sum of the relationships between the people who live there." 
A powerful reminder that we all have a stake in equality: 
4 truths about parenting that no one wants to admit: 
6 #TEDTalks on how language changes over time:  
11 #TEDTalks with counterintuitive career advice: 
This is what's wrong with what we eat: 
4,000 children die from this problem every day:  Let's fix it.
"All kids have tremendous talents. And we squander them, pretty ruthlessly." 
10 lies you've been told about how your mind works: 
Simple lifestyle changes that can actually make your brain bigger: 
"We stigmatize mistakes, and the result is that we are educating people out of their creative capacities." 
"Creativity is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status." 
3 questions that can help you understand people you disagree with: 
If you have ever suffered from depression, or known someone who has, this is a must watch: 
Haunting images of New York City's abandoned ruins:  
Are lefties more creative? 10 popular psychology myths, busted: 
How do you make toast? This strange question can help you solve your biggest problems at work: 
"Globalization has taken us by surprise, and we've been slow to respond to it." How we can catch up: 
"Catching cancer early is the closest thing we have to a silver bullet cure against it."  
"Even as a kid, or maybe even especially as a kid, my voice mattered." 
"There is absolutely no question now that we can catch up with this outbreak, and we can beat Ebola." 
"Fear is a kind of unintentional storytelling that we are all born knowing how to do." 
“The circumstances of our lives matter less to our happiness than the sense of control we feel over our lives.” 
Which country does the most good for the planet? The answer may surprise you: 
"Humanity is capable of extraordinary progress if it really acts together." 
"Creativity is essential to all of us, whether we're artists or scientists, parents or entrepreneurs." 
This is the closest equivalent to an E = mc² for intelligence: 
Why you never have to stop loving #LEGO, no matter your age: 
Sugar pills, injections of nothing — they often really work:  
Why 30 is not the new 20: 
"Stories are inevitable, if they're good, but they're not predictable." 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
"Finishing Ebola right now means turning the tables on this virus and beginning to hunt it." 
6 fascinating #TEDTalks on how language changes over time: 
Does murder run in families? Lizzie Borden's descendent offers some insight: 
"Wonder is honest, it's completely innocent. It can't be artificially evoked." 
6 TED Talks that will make you feel good about getting older: 
11 TED Talks to get you through a quarter-life crisis: 
8 TED Talks to watch before public speaking: 
5 TED Talks on why sleep is so important: 
These TED Talks will help you become a confident, compelling public speaker: 
These talks will inspire you to go to bed and get a good night's sleep: 
This new test can detect cancer before you show any symptoms. Watch the first live demo:  
3 bits of advice that every twenty-something needs to hear: 
"The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult, but rather better adults than you have been." 
"The capacity for us to do something smarter together for the greater good lifts us both up." 
"You look like a mermaid, but you walk like a waltz." A charming story of mixed emoticons:  
A powerful life lesson from a volunteer firefighter: 
So you started a movement on social media. Now what? 
"If you want to know what society is going to be like in 20 years, ask a kindergarten teacher." 
"Mathematics is not just solving for x; it's also figuring out why." 
"Each one of you is better than anybody else at something." 
"Claim your experience, but don't let it claim you." Why we shouldn't define ourselves by our wounds: 
"We can do more than simply helping refugees survive. We can help them thrive." 
11 #TEDTalks with counterintuitive career advice: 
Why social media activism starts strong then fizzles out:  @zeynep
"If you hire people who believe what you believe, they'll work for you with blood and sweat and tears." 
"Misbehave more beautifully, more often." A choreographer's creative process in real time: 
"You need to find the right question. There is nothing worse than answering the wrong question well." 
"Income is only one variable of poverty. Really, it's a condition about choice, and the lack of freedom." 
What color is a mirror? The educational power of asking really weird questions: 
How we can make filthy water drinkable -- and save millions of lives every year:  
"Leaders hold a position of power or authority, but those who lead inspire us." 
"Why did I stay? The answer is easy. I didn't know he was abusing me." 
"There's a hidden epidemic in medicine: Doctors are scared of patients finding out who we are." 
“Sitting has become the smoking of our generation.” 
"We decide what gets attention based on what we give our attention to. That's how the media works now." 
How Facebook designed the "like" button, and why such tiny details matter: 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
“You’re imperfect, and you’re wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging.” 
"Our responsibility is not simply shielding those we care for from adversity, but preparing them to meet it well." 
Scientists have been trying to replicate bird flight for years. This robot finally soars:  
4 inspiring kids imagine the future of learning:  
"We don't have to stay stuck in old ideas about prison. Prisons can be more than a bucket for failed social policy." 
3 ways we can protect kid quarterbacks from concussions: 
"Data-mining is not for nerds anymore. It's also for jocks." How virtual reality will change sports: 
The surprising thing that robots can't do yet: 
"‘Thank you for your service’ means acknowledging our stories. Asking us who we are." 
How technology has changed sports -- and made athletes much, much better: 
"Our communities are so unique and beautiful. They demand us to find uncompromising ways to be respected." 
These mutant worms might help us fight cancer: 
"When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look?" 
Striking footage of big cats in Africa:  
3 lessons for designing products the whole world uses: 
Poets are more likely to associate numbers with colors, and other strange facts about your brain: 
“The secret to happiness is low expectations.” 
Think mass surveillance isn't a problem because you're not doing anything wrong? Think again. 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." On a more empowering view of disability: 
"Domestic violence happens to everyone -- all races, all religions, all income and education levels." 
"What we need now is a radically new conception of agriculture, one in which the food actually tastes good." 
This architect helped his entire community benefit from his education:  
"In order for connection to happen, we have to allow ourselves to be seen, really seen." 
Why athletes are getting faster, better, stronger: 
Fascinating stories from a space mission to explore Saturn:  
How virtual reality can put us all on the NFL field -- in real time:  #SuperBowl
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
"The measure of a free society is not how it treats its good citizens, but how it treats its dissidents." 
10 TED Talks for people who geek out on sports:  #SuperBowl
This little robot is way more powerful than it looks:  
3 ways tiny robots are going to fix everything:  
3 ways to build a better, less selfish society: 
"Dealing with other people demands a kind of flexibility that no set of rules can encompass." 
10 most popular #TEDTalks about science: 
"People want to be allowed to be virtuous. They want to have permission to do the right thing." 
"Wise people know when and how to bend the rules. Wise people know how to improvise." 
How to overcome selfishness and do more good in the world: 
"Don't wait until you make your first million to make a difference. If you have something to give, give it now." 
"Not every day is going to offer us a chance to save a life, but every day offers us an opportunity to affect one." 
Watching the Super Bowl this weekend? See how augmented reality will change the future of sports: 
How loving-kindness meditation can help you become a better person: 
Why Shakespeare loved iambic pentameter:  via @TED_ED
The amazing, freaky science of mind-controlling parasites: 
"One of the simplest facts in business is something we often neglect: We're all human." 
"Shakespeare's most poetic lines don't just talk about matters of the heart; they follow its rhythm." 
Where is Google going next? CEO Larry Page shares his vision for the future: 
How many ways can you arrange a deck of cards?  via @TED_ED
"Humanity's long, slow journey of equality is actually speeding up." The data to show it: 
"The way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep." 
Perfume pills you can swallow, and other ways we can reprogram human biology: 
Jaw-dropping new developments in micro-robotics:  
"Informed consent is the very bedrock of our understanding of democracy. Misinformed consent is not worth it." 
"Governments have become completely disconnected from what actually matters to people." 
"The role of the designer is essentially that of a good host, anticipating the needs of the guest." 
7 rules for making more happiness: 
"We are just scientists. We are paid to be children, to basically go the edge and discover what is out there." 
"Imagine a world where we use our best talents to accomplish greater things together than we could on our own." 
"Companies fail because they missed the future." - Google CEO Larry Page 
A sculptural love letter to Spider-Man:  
How to make better choices for the future: 
A game-changing approach that could resolve deadly conflict in the Congo: 
"This is the gay agenda: equality. Not special rights, but the rights that were already written." 
"Each one of you is better than anybody else at something." 
3 ways to (usefully) lose control of your brand: 
Simple ways to help yourself commit to a goal and stick with it: 
How we can see each others' best qualities and bring them out: 
Fascinating funeral traditions from around the world:  
Why great design is more than just a pretty facade:  
The myth of the gay agenda: 
"What is good for us on a personal level is also what is best for the world." 
The real Jurassic Park involves a lot more poultry: 
"When you connect with people around a shared interest, serendipitous things happen in the future." 
“We think we have to be successful, then we’ll be happier. But our brains work in the opposite order." 
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original." 
"If you raise your level of positivity, then your brain performs significantly better." 
"No problem worth solving is simple." 
When it's actually important to sweat the small stuff: 
"A high IQ does not mean you are a good leader." 
"Every child deserves a champion, an adult who will never give up on them." 
"Opportunity-makers seek people unlike them. They're not affronted by differences, they're fascinated." 
Why bees are disappearing -- and what we can do to save them: 
"Join this movement not because you're a politician or an expert, but because you are a citizen." 
"Great leaders are not head-down. They see around corners, shaping their future, not just reacting to it." 
"We focus on the pursuit of happiness as though it's an object we have to go out and get." 
The career advice you probably didn't get: 
This surprising advice can help close the gender gap for women at the top: 
"Math makes sense of the world. It's the vocabulary for your own intuition." 
"Self-discipline is like a muscle; the more you exercise it, the stronger it gets." 
"The essence of leadership is being able to see the iceberg before it hits the Titanic." 
The good news on poverty (yes, there's good news): 
How the American diet is wrecking global health: 
How to save yourself from bad meetings before they waste your time: 
"When a leader makes the choice to put others first, remarkable things happen." 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, poverty, violence, desperation." How to expose the corrupt: 
“Walk and talk. … You'll be surprised at how fresh air drives fresh thinking.” 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
"The riskiest thing you can do now is be safe. The safe thing to do is to be at the fringes, be remarkable." 
"Religions are natural phenomena. They have evolved over millennia." 
"Life itself is just a thin coat of paint on this planet. And we're the ones that hold the paintbrush." 
"Every time we feel that we are on the brink of peace, the conflict explodes again." How to stop mass violence: 
"If you really want to know a people, you start by looking inside their bedrooms." 
"It's so hard to admit our own fallibility. It's so uncomfortable." 
7 delightful #TEDTalks that will make you love science: 
"We should be socializing our sons to be whatever they want to be, caregivers or breadwinners." 
This man films one second of his life every day: 
"Cities are about people. Where people go and where people meet are at the core of what makes a city work." 
"The person you are right now is as transient, as fleeting and as temporary as all the people you've ever been." 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think: 
"There is recovery. There is redemption." How one man recovered from a deep depression: 
A journey through the last 30 years of tech -- with a jaw-dropping prediction about what's coming next: 
"Chasing meaning is better for your health than trying to avoid discomfort." 
"We need to make civics sexy again. As sexy as it was during the American Revolution or the Civil Rights Movement." 
How do you solve a problem like the climate crisis? 
"We can't practice compassion with other people if we can't treat ourselves kindly." 
Why I want you to steal my ideas:  by @ThisIsSethsBlog 
"You can fundamentally change your reaction to fear." Here's how: 
"Conscious listening always creates understanding." How to listen better: 
"Ideas don’t get smaller when they’re shared, they get bigger." 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language:  
What doctors don't learn about death and dying:  
10 #TEDTalks that will make you change your mind about everything you thought was true: 
5 ways to listen better: 
7 #TEDTalks to watch when the weather outside is frightful: 
"We can't change every little thing that happens to us, but we can change the way that we experience it." 
13 #TEDTalks full of totally weird, random facts: 
A fascinating talk on fractals -- beautiful branching patterns found in nature:  
This inspiring woman stands up for people who’ve never known justice:  
A powerful life lesson from a volunteer firefighter:  
Thoughtful advice to help you be a great parent: 
11 #TEDTalks that will make you happier at work: 
"Home is not just the place where you happen to be born. It's the place where you become yourself." 
"Research shows that almost 50% of children diagnosed with autism are actually suffering from hidden brain seizures." 
Science is beautiful.  
10 #TEDTalks for parents who are short on time but starved for intellectual stimulation: 
"Our economy is a long line of people handing ideas up and down the line, improving and customizing at each step." 
How to build a dinosaur from a chicken. Seriously. 
6 #TEDTalks on how to tell a story: 
Want to be happy? Slow down:  
"Claim your experience, but don't let it claim you." Why we shouldn't define ourselves by our wounds: 
7 #TEDTalks to help you find the right job: 
"Language isn't one or two words together. It relates to how we think, how we see each other, and how others see us." 
"The more we run from a problem, the more we're actually running into it." 
A wonderfully tongue-in-cheek look at the cost of online piracy: 
Short on time? Watch these #TEDTalks in 3 minutes or less: 
"Every day there are small moments when we have a choice: Will we take in more, or clear out our minds for a bit?" 
"We don't mind spending 15 years on education, why not the same to become a better human being?" 
Stunning X-ray images of everyday things:  
10 #TEDTalks you won't be able to stop thinking about: 
3 types of lies we often tell on the Internet: 
How a warm embrace is saving the lives of infants:  
How to live to be 100 years old: 
16 objects you might find in a pawn shop in 2050:  
"You can find the strange in the familiar, as long as you recognize that there can be more than meets the eye." 
"We deal with our mind from morning till evening, and it can be our best friend or our worst enemy." 
Want a career you really love? These talks can help you find it: 
6 #TEDTalks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
"You need to find the right question. There is nothing worse than answering the wrong question well." 
What the best education systems are doing right: 
9 trippy TED Talks:  
12 #TEDTalks to restore your faith in humanity: 
This brilliant architect can fix any problem using one simple way of thinking:  
5 #TEDTalks to inspire you to go to bed and get a good night's sleep: 
Watch a leopard befriend a baby baboon, and more astonishing moments in the wild:  
11 must-see TED Talks: 
Why wine tastes better if you think it's expensive, and more curious facts about pleasure: 
"Don't kill your language." Why a nation's language is so vital to its future: 
11 TED Talks to get you through your quarterlife crisis:  
"Hiding is a progressive habit. Once you start hiding, it becomes harder and harder to step forward and speak out." 
16 common words and phrases that were actually invented by Shakespeare: 
Comedian @JuliaSweeney shares her hilarious answer to the dreaded question, "Where do babies come from?" 
"The nonviolent struggle is won in the streets. You will never change your society if you sit down." 
"The salvation of the world requires the intelligent pursuit of self-interests in a disciplined, careful way." 
"Sanitation is more about dignity than about human disposal of waste." 
"For developing countries, software companies and space ships may not be as important as taps and toilets." 
A special #tbt from 1984, when touchscreens were an exciting, improbable dream: 
"We're never more beautiful than when we're most ugly. That's the moment we really know what we're made of." 
Here's how to fool a GPS (use these powers for good, please): 
16 imaginary objects you will probably need in the future:  
"Truth is never binary. Truth is a value. Truth is emotional, it's fluid, and above all, it's human." 
"We need sustainable harmony, not sustainable growth." 
Are you easily fooled by statistics? Test yourself with the quizzes in this talk: 
The 4 biggest reasons why inequality is bad for society: 
"We all tell ourselves the version of the story that we can best live with." 
"Humor is such a powerful game-changer." 
"How we die lives on in the minds of everybody who survives us." 
Forget clapping to turn the lights off. The appliances of the future will read your mind: 
A surprising performance about how we become who we are: 
"Capitalism has driven us to the verge of a moral truth, which is the fundamental equality of everyone." 
"There is a moral dimension to history; there is a moral arrow. We have seen progress over time." 
"Have you ever marveled at how someone you thought was so ordinary could suddenly become so beautiful?" 
"Have you ever had a nagging feeling that one day you will be discovered as a fraud?" Watch this: 
"Every time I fail to become more like my father, I become more like myself." 
"We humans have extraordinary potential for goodness, but also immense power to do harm." 
10 TED Talks you won't be able to stop thinking about: 
"LEGO has essentially taken the concrete block and made it into the building block of our imagination." 
12 TED Talks to restore your faith in humanity: 
"What is altruism? It's the wish that others may be happy and find a cause of happiness." 
40 brilliant idioms that can't be translated literally:  
"Motion to try my poor, young black male candidate like a white 75-year-old executive." 
"I give decaf to customers who are rude to me," and other revealing secrets:  @postsecret
Be a few minutes late to work. Your brain will thank you: 
"Every day, we see the consequences of silence manifest themselves in the form of discrimination and violence." 
Which animal has the fastest kick in the world? This funny, fascinating talk may surprise you: 
"Silence is the residue of fear." 
A beautiful performance by @johnlegend to honor Martin Luther King Day: 
"We have to be willing to have proactive conversations about race with honesty and understanding and courage." 
"Our responsibility is not simply shielding those we care for from adversity, but preparing them to meet it well." 
"I'm here on this stage because of a long history of people who stood up to injustice."  
"To walk across a melting ocean of ice is without a doubt the most frightening thing."  
"Jealousy makes us all amateur novelists." 
"A child who has not been read to is in danger when they get to school." 
"I will not let silence wrap itself around my indecision." 
How struggles for freedom have borrowed from each other: 
Why one of the earliest climate scientists was willing to get arrested for the cause: 
How the gay rights movement learned from the civil rights movement: 
"Color blindness is very dangerous because it means we're avoiding the problem."  
The hidden, powerful structure behind Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech: 
"It's time for us to be comfortable with the uncomfortable conversation about race." 
"I'm asking you to be color brave, so that every child knows that their dreams are possible." 
"There is recovery. There is redemption." How one man recovered from a seemingly incurable depression: 
The compelling case for using nature as a design tool: 
"We touch every nation. Every nation touches us. We are a nation of immigrants." 
"It's going to be possible for our digital personas to interact in the real world long after we're gone." 
How emotional contagion travels through groups -- and affects you too: 
This man films one second of his life every day. Here are the moving results: 
"The secret of everlasting youth lies within the bat genome." 
"Great leaders dare to be different. They don't just talk about risk-taking; they actually do it." 
"People who reported that they were easily disgusted also reported that they were more politically conservative." 
"Right here in my hand is a breathing, living human lung on a chip."  
Why we need to be suspicious of simple stories: 
"You are all actually cyborgs, but not the cyborgs you think." 
"If it would destroy him to be called a girl, what are we then teaching him about girls?" 
Weird insights about our most easily triggered emotion: disgust. 
“The preservation of Antarctica and our survival here on Earth are linked.”  
"The fact that we are just this very, very complex, ordered collection of things, does not mean we're not real." 
"Why are so many people striving to be normal? Why are people pouring their brilliant, individual light into a mold?" 
"If I live to see 80 years of age, I'm going to have a five-hour video that encapsulates 50 years of my life." 
"You can define how strong a democracy is by how its government treats its children." 
"Huge areas of ice are breaking off from Antarctica the size of small nations."  
Watch these talks when it seems like hope is lost: 
"Prejudice and bias are natural, and once we understand them, we're in a better position when they go wrong." 
"Every time you tell yourself a good vs evil story, you're basically lowering your IQ." 
Why do we sleep? 5 TED Talks explain: 
10 TED Talks for parents who are short on time but starved for intellectual stimulation: 
7 TED Talks on the art of meaningful conversation: 
5 TED Talks on the truth about lying: 
7 TED Talks to help you find a career you really love: 
7 TED Talks on how your memory works: 
7 TED Talks that just might save your relationship: 
12 TED Talks to restore your faith in humanity: 
10 TED Talks to watch when every conceivable bad thing has just happened to you: 
This incredible talk got the longest standing ovation in TED's history: 
6 TED Talks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
10 TED Talks to watch when you're having a really bad day: 
10 TED Talks you won't be able to stop thinking about: 
5 TED Talks to inspire you to go to bed and get a good night's sleep: 
7 TED Talks to inspire your job hunt: 
A child imprisoned for protecting his mother and the lawyer who saved his life: 
"I'd never held anyone who gripped me as tightly as that child or who cried as hard or as long." 
"We're creating this incredibly rich digital archive that's going to live in the cloud years after we're gone." 
"We fear the sound of our own voice, but it gives us the power to change our environment." 
"A child who has not been read to is in danger when that child gets to school." 
"It's not our pity that the orphaned child needs. It's our respect." 
How to make a tabletop telepresence robot to beam yourself into meetings:  
"True empowerment comes from giving yourself the permission to think and act." 
Meet the robots training for the World Cup (yes, that World Cup): 
"Clouds are the most egalitarian of nature's displays, because we all have a fantastic view of the sky." 
"Tourism is the best sustainable way to bring down walls and connect with each other." 
This is the future of travel: 
5 TED Talks to inspire you to go to bed and get a good night's sleep: 
"I realized, for the first time, that my voice mattered." The courage to speak up against gender violence: 
"GDP was not handed down on tablets of stone." Why we should focus on tracking social progress: 
"Always be looking for that which you do well and that which you love doing." 
"If you live with your head in the clouds every now and then, it helps you keep your feet on the ground." 
"The exotic can be found in the everyday." 
"We need to learn what the bankers have learned -- the best way to rob a bank -- because then we can stop it." 
"It is our humanity, and all the potential within it, that makes us beautiful." 
"Do not forget to have fun. That's really the secret of our success, we're having too much fun." 
"In the U.S. alone, the industrial Internet could raise average income by 25 to 40 percent over the next 15 years." 
"Children deserve the right to own and live the memory of their own childhood." A child of the state: 
"No matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal." 
"Humanity's long, slow journey of equality is actually speeding up." The data to show it: 
"What I'm passionate about is the inextinguishable, undaunted appetite for learning and experience." 
How to separate fact and fiction online: 
"No matter how much information we have, you'll never be able to remove the human from the truth-seeking exercise." 
Wacky jokes from websites that use their 404 error pages to have fun: 
"Truth is never binary. Truth is a value. Truth is emotional, it's fluid, and above all, it's human." 
Why one emergency medical worker decided to be honest when critically injured people ask if they're dying: 
"A simple mistake can tell me what you're not, or it can remind me of why I should love you." 
3 ways to judge successful countries (that have nothing to do with wealth): 
"The world is not saved in grand messianic gestures, but in the simple accumulation of everyday acts of compassion." 
Forget wallet photos. This man carries his friends around in jars (it's not as creepy as it sounds): 
"Feminism is not a rulebook but a discussion, a conversation, a process." 
"Not doing anything puts them at risk of losing their lives to suicide." How doctors can help transgender teens: 
"If we know what it takes to have a healthcare system instead of a sick-care system, why don't we just do it?" 
How special effects trick our brains when we watch a movie: 
"When resources are scarce, go within yourself to tap the most abundant resource: human ingenuity." 
"Twitter is where most journalists now go. It's the de facto real-time newswire." 
How to make a tabletop telepresence robot to beam yourself into meetings: 
"Wonder is honest, it's completely innocent. It can't be artificially evoked." 
Why you will fail to have a great career: 
"Sometimes making a living and making a life point in opposite directions." 
"We stigmatize mistakes, and the result is that we are educating people out of their creative capacities." 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
"The first follower is what transforms a lone nut into a leader." 
@EmsilyB We love that resolution ;)
"We're never more beautiful than when we're most ugly. That's the moment we really know what we're made of." 
A poem from the future: 
"With our nose to the grindstone / of progress / We’ll all make our way / to the top, then collapse." 
"For decades, we've been focused on political correctness, but what matters more is emotional correctness." 
Brazil has cut deforestation by 75% in the last 10 years. Here's how they did it: 
"Our challenge is to find the compassion for others that we want them to have for us." 
Bold advances in the quest to help paralyzed people walk again: 
A funny, provocative talk on why we're often afraid to pursue what we really want: 
"Fear is a bad advisor." 
"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
"Self-control is not a problem in the future. It's only a problem now when the chocolate is next to us." 
"Don't be afraid of talking to your adversaries, but don't bracket what happened before you entered the room." 
"The future is not fate. We need to have the courage to change." 
A simple way to save more of your paycheck: 
Millions of Norwegians tuned in to watch a 7-hour train ride on television. Here's why: 
"Passion is what will help you create the highest expression of your talent." 
Ever feel alone in a crowded place? This artist gets you: 
7 unconventional books on leadership, chosen by @SimonSinek: 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list: 
"This octopus was playing, which is a pretty sophisticated behavior for a mere invertebrate." 
"In health care, we often treat symptoms without addressing the conditions that make you sick in the first place.” 
"You look like a mermaid, but you walk like a waltz." A charming story of mixed emoticons: 
Why fireflies light up in the dark, and other secrets of these beloved bugs:  
"If your life was a book and you were the author, how would you want the story to go?" 
"A lie has no power whatsoever by its mere utterance. Its power emerges when someone else agrees to believe the lie." 
The amazing story of the earliest computers:  
What will sports look like in the future? How science and technology are changing the playing field: 
"I challenge you to see the invisible superheroes from your city. Try to see the world as one without boundaries." 
Delightful, creepy beach creatures made of electrical tube: 
"We can mimic nature, but in some ways also improve upon it." 
"The airplane of the future will get its own consciousness." 
"How we feel about an animal affects its survival more than anything that you read about in ecology textbooks." 
A courageous story of schizophrenia: 
"Ever notice how we tend to identify ourselves by our wounds?" A better way: 
How we can all get better at growing old: 
"Our borders and our obstacles can only do two things: stop us in our tracks or force us to get creative." 
"Happiness is not something we find; it's something we make." 
As societies progress, do we treat our elderly better or worse? 
"I don't have to take on 'cancer survivor' as my identity, but powerful forces are pushing me to do just that." 
"Go ahead and make words like duckface, just don't make duckface." How to make up new words: 
"Only a small part of the cancer experience is about medicine." 
4 ways the language you speak can affect the way you think: 
A clever, easy way to turn family chaos into peace and calm: 
“GDP is a tool to help us measure economies; it is not a way to measure the quality of our lives.” 
Can you figure out how this magician does his mind-boggling card tricks? 
"Our ancestors probably had several sexual relationships going on at any given moment in their adult lives." 
Forget finding the fastest route to work. Take the most enjoyable: 
7 TED Talks to watch when the weather outside is frightful: 
What one woman learned as she recovered from a life-changing injury:  
"Fortune cookies: invented by the Japanese, popularized by the Chinese, but ultimately consumed by Americans." 
"The great leader believes in young people and new ideas." 
"Words are like LEGO. If you use enough force, you can put any two of them together." 
"I've never met a man who's been asked how he does it all." 
How to grow leather and meat without killing animals: 
"Juggling work and family are not women's problems; they're family problems." 
How to set goals that lead to lasting life changes: 
"30 days is just about the right amount of time to add a new habit or subtract a habit from your life." 
"I want a book to be a secret door that opens and lets the stories out into reality." 
"The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult, but rather better adults than you have been." 
The wonderful and terrifying implications of computers that can learn: 
“You’re imperfect, and you’re wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging.” 
"'Olé!' to you, just for having the sheer human love and stubbornness to keep showing up." 
"Unfolding the secrets of female physiology is going to help men and women." 
"Mathematics is not just solving for x; it's also figuring out why." 
A charming story of an Arctic seal that fell in love with a photographer:  
"Poetry isn't one thing that serves one purpose. It's a way of making patterns that put emotions into words." 
Why Bill and Melinda Gates are giving away 95% of their wealth: 
"They need to have a sense that their own work is meaningful." - Bill Gates, on why his kids won't inherit billions 
"We're social animals, not rational animals. We emerge out of relationships." 
"A child's happiness is a very unfair burden to place on a parent." What we should aim for instead: 
Why it's a mistake to vilify video games: 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
"It is a mistake to assume that everyone thrives under the pressure of choosing alone." 
What doctors don't learn about death and dying:  by @Atul_Gawande
Meet the paralyzed rat that walked:  
"Fold the worst events of your life into a narrative of triumph."  
How adversity can open the door for human potential -- if you're prepared to meet it well: 
"Well-being is not just a mere pleasurable sensation. It is a deep sense of serenity and fulfillment." 
"We thrive when we stay at our own leading edge." 
"We thrive when we stay at our own leading edge." 
7 TED Talks to help you find the right job: 
"Secrets can take many forms. They can be shocking or silly or soulful." 
How the first teddy bear came to be, and why its story still matters so much today: 
"There's a hidden epidemic in medicine: Doctors are scared of patients finding out who we are." 
"Nature could only seem this pure and adorable because we didn't have to be afraid of it anymore." 
How traveling can break down walls and help us connect with each other: 
"Cartoons have the power to get at the truth, to get at issues quickly and succinctly."  #CharlieHebdo
How cartoons can be a powerful force to build a better world:  #CharlieHedbo
For more tolerance, we need more ... tourism?
"I believe that self-mockery is one of the best means for a relationship to endure." 
"The pursuit of normality is the ultimate sacrifice of potential." 
"Let's just smash computers with everyday objects and see how that goes over." 
See invisible motion, hear silent sounds. Cool? Creepy? You decide:  
"The great leader believes in young people and new ideas." 
"No single narrative serves the needs of everyone everywhere." 
"The very ingredients that nurture love are sometimes the very ingredients that stifle desire." 
"The only true disability is a crushed spirit; a spirit that's been crushed doesn't have hope." 
Bill Gates' vision for the world's energy future: 
"If you could pick just one thing to reduce poverty, by far you would pick energy." - Bill Gates 
"We need to learn to love the flawed, imperfect things that we create and to forgive ourselves for creating them." 
"Words matter. They shape the way we understand ourselves, interpret the world, and treat others." 
"The crisis of desire is often a crisis of the imagination." 
"We will always be one animal wondering about the emotional experience of another animal." 
"You shouldn't define people by their maddest edges." 
"The question of parenthood is, what do we validate in our children, and what do we cure in them?" 
"Catching cancer early is the closest thing we have to a silver bullet cure against it." 
"The greater our proficiency, the more clearly we see that we don't know all that we thought we did." 
"LOL is being used in a very particular way. It's a marker of empathy. It's a marker of accommodation." 
"A world where we don't listen to each other at all is a very scary place indeed." 
"Our responsibility is not simply shielding those we care for from adversity, but preparing them to meet it well." 
Why we lie on the Internet: 
There's no one "right" way to parent a child: 
"The person you are right now is as transient, as fleeting and as temporary as all the people you've ever been." 
"We can't practice compassion with other people if we can't treat ourselves kindly." 
Why telescopes need to see wider, not farther: 
"Chasing meaning is better for your health than trying to avoid discomfort." 
"I don't accept subtractive models of love, only additive ones." - @Andrew_Solomon 
"We now have computers that really understand what they see." 
How computers have learned to see, read, listen, and even write: 
"Properly understood and wisely practiced, identity politics should expand our idea of what it is to be human." 
"Making your ideas accessible is not the same as dumbing it down." 
"Growing even some of our own food is one of the best things that we can do for the environment." 
The assumptions we make about choice, and why they're not always true: 
Why do we like an original painting better than a perfect copy? 
"Secrets can connect us with our deepest humanity or with people we'll never meet again." 
5 ways to listen better: 
"A lie has no power whatsoever by its mere utterance. Its power emerges when someone else agrees to believe it." 
"Reading and educating your emotions is one of the central activities of wisdom." 
"Connection is why we're here. It's what gives purpose and meaning to our lives." 
"Envision a world where we aren't held hostage to the past, where misdeeds and mistakes don't define you." 
"Babies and young children are like the R&amp;D division of the human species." 
The amazing, freaky science of mind-controlling parasites: 
"You can fundamentally change your reaction to fear." Here's how: 
Saving the whales is important... but not for the reason you'd think: 
What the best education systems are doing right: 
"We should call ourselves coctivors, from coquere, to cook. We are the animals who eat cooked food." 
"The role of the designer is essentially that of a good host, anticipating the needs of the guest." 
"The point isn't to live without any regrets. The point is to not hate ourselves for having them." 
A journey through the last 30 years of tech -- with a jaw-dropping prediction about what's coming next: 
Your body's amazing reaction to water:  
"When adults believe in children and say, 'You can,' then they will." 
6 ideas from creative thinkers to shake up your work routine: 
"Cities are about people. Where people go and where people meet are at the core of what makes a city work." 
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
Why babies are so much better at learning new languages: 
"This is a cancer at the core of evidence-based medicine." 
"We can't change every little thing that happens to us, but we can change the way that we experience it." 
What doctors don't learn about death and dying: 
A crash course in how to recognize deception: 
7 secrets to help you learn a new language: 
Science is gorgeous.  
"Regret doesn't remind us that we did badly. It reminds us that we know we can do better." 
"Our control of the outer world is limited, temporary, and often, illusory." 
"Our control of the outer world is limited, temporary, and often, illusory." 
"There’s no escaping the tragedy of life, which is that we are all aging from the day we are born." 
"We are born pleasure-seekers." 
A creative way to imagine what the future will be like -- and make better choices in the present: 
What happens after we build computers that can learn? 
"The majority of men and women who are incarcerated are redeemable." 
"The only thing that limits us is our imagination." 
Watch a leopard befriend a baby baboon, and more astonishing moments in the wild:  
23 years ago, @ShakaSenghor shot and killed a man. He shares his powerful story of forgiveness and atonement: 
How many ways can you arrange a deck of cards?  via @TED_ED
"How we feel about an animal affects its survival more than anything." 
Why wine tastes better if you think it's expensive, and more curious facts about pleasure: 
"The way we expect the world to be changes the way we see it." 
"Lively, enjoyable public spaces are the key to planning a great city." 
"Claim your experience, but don't let it claim you." Why we shouldn't define ourselves by our wounds: 
"Creativity is essential to all of us, whether we're artists or scientists, parents or entrepreneurs." 
6 ways to make up new words: 
"Ease makes less of an impression on us than struggle." 
"The baby's brain seems to be the most powerful learning computer on the planet." 
"Claim your adulthood. Don't be defined by what you didn't know or didn't do. You're deciding your life right now." 
"Research shows that almost 50% of children diagnosed with autism are actually suffering from hidden brain seizures." 
"We can't change every little thing that happens to us in life, but we can change the way that we experience it." 
"The airplane of the future will get its own consciousness." 
How animals show compassion and cooperation (starring some hilarious monkeys): 
Does your Facebook profile reflect your real personality? 
How love and consumerism have gotten all mixed up: 
“Our bodies change our minds, and our minds can change our behavior, and our behavior can change our outcomes.” 
"Conscious listening always creates understanding." How to listen better: 
"Optimism leads to success." Here's why: 
Thoughtful advice to help you be a great parent: 
"We should be socializing our sons and our husbands to be whatever they want to be, caregivers or breadwinners." 
"Recognizing that we won't live forever changes our perspective on life in positive ways." 
"Lying is an attempt to connect our wishes and our fantasies about who we wish we were with what we're really like." 
The largest organism on the planet, a mushroom that sprouts from an ant, and other crazy tales about fungi: 
"Our own well-being is deeply tied to the well-being of others." 
"If you don't want to be deceived, you have to know, what is it that you're hungry for?" 
"We're all on a one-way street. What are we going to do as we go forward to have no regrets looking back?" 
"As parents, we try and prepare our kids for every possible future, hoping just one of our efforts will pay off." 
"Home has less to do with a piece of soil than, you could say, with a piece of soul." 
Want others to listen to you? 4 things you need to do: 
"Human relationships are rich and messy and demanding, and we clean them up with technology." Why that's a problem: 
How the teddy bear taught us compassion: 
"Some people believe an omnipotent god will resurrect them, and others believe an omnipotent scientist will do it." 
This talk feels like sitting in English class with a wonderful teacher who really loves his subject:  
For all those moments when parenting is really tough: 
"Home is not just the place where you happen to be born. It's the place where you become yourself." 
Do we expect too much of parents today? An honest talk on the crisis of modern parenting: 
"Image is powerful, but it's also superficial." 
This is what happens in a baby's brain when it hears a new language: 
"Where you criminalize people living with HIV or those at greatest risk, you fuel the epidemic." 
"Completion is a goal, but we hope it is never the end." How the near win compels us to keep going: 
How to speak so that people want to listen: 
Is 'LOL' the beginning of a new language? 
"Where is that cow GOING?" The pressing cliffhangers of slow TV: 
This is what your brain was doing while you were sleeping: 
"You can work to change your relationship to your past." 
"There is an algorithm for love. It's just not the one that we're being presented with online." 
"Our cultural imagination about compassion has been deadened by idealistic images." 
6 TED Talks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
How to bring your mind into the present moment and let go of stressful thoughts: 
A funny, high-energy ode to mothers everywhere:  
"Next time you're faced with something unexpected, unwanted and uncertain, consider that it just may be a gift." 
12 TED Talks to inspire your New Year's resolutions: 
10 TED-inspired New Year's resolutions: 
"Segregating ourselves by race is something we choose to do, and we can choose not to do it." 
How honest, attractive, and interesting are you? Why most people think they're above average: 
"The premium on accurate and careful listening has simply disappeared." 
5 dangerous things you should let your kids do: 
“Give yourself permission and time to think about what it is you want to experience in your life." 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
How an obese town lost a million pounds: 
"Easy answers to complex questions are very appealing when you are emotionally vulnerable." 
"Humanity's long, slow journey of equality is actually speeding up." The data to show it: 
How scientists are working to create better psychiatric drugs -- without all the awful side effects: 
How new slang words like 'hangry,' 'defriend' and 'adorkable' are considered for the dictionary:  
"To be tender is to accept your loved one's weaknesses." 
"The erotic mind is not politically correct." 
"Where you come from now is much less important than where you're going." 
"Mastery is not a commitment to a goal, but to a constant pursuit." 
How we can painlessly generate vast quantities of new bone: 
How to find creative inspiration all around you: 
Watch this before you do your holiday shopping: 
"If you want to be fully human and fully humane, I think you need to learn to live, not without regret, but with it." 
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." 
6 TED Talks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
How to set goals that lead to real change: 
How public spaces make cities work:  
Why dieting doesn't usually work: 
Why it's so hard to stick to a New Year's resolution: 
12 TED Talks to inspire your New Year's resolutions: 
"Just because I end a poem doesn't mean I've solved what it was that I was puzzling through." 
"What's it like to be a baby? It's like being in love in Paris for the first time after three double-espressos." 
"Complaining is viral misery." 
"Discover what it is that gives you pain, and then refuse to inflict that pain on anybody else." 
"Aging is the upward ascension of the human spirit, bringing us into wisdom, wholeness and authenticity." 
"How we look, though it is superficial and immutable, has a huge impact on our lives." 
"Next time you're about to throw out an appliance, don't. Take it apart with your kid." 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
3 fascinating studies that challenge our assumptions about choice: 
A kinder, gentler philosophy of success: 
What teens really want to know about sex: 
"Solitude matters -- for some people it is the air that they breathe." 
Watch what happens inside the brain during musical improvisation: 
10 TED-inspired New Year's resolutions: 
"Listening is what people who tell stories do first." 
How to make New Year’s resolutions that actually work out this time: 
"How do you turn a park into a place where people want to be? You tap into your humanity." 
"Small changes can pave the way for bigger changes.” How to set goals that lead to real change: 
12 TED Talks to inspire your New Year's resolutions: 
A fascinating talk on how bacteria talk to each other -- and what they do in your body: 
"We thrive not when we have done it all, but when we still have more to do." 
"Even at its best, dieting is a waste of time and energy." 
How to manage the emotional roller coaster of creativity: 
"Listening is what people who tell stories do first." 
How the psychology of choice differs around the world: 
"Human beings are works in progress that mistakenly think they're finished." 
"30 days is just about the right amount of time to add a new habit or subtract a habit from your life." 
"We're all going to die -- and poems can help us live with that." A love letter to poetry: 
The story of Nikola Tesla, or "the greatest geek who ever lived," told with stunning visual flair: 
"The chance for greatness, for progress and for change dies the moment we try to be like someone else.” 
One of the most obese cities in the US lost a million pounds. Here's how they did it: 
"For too long now, children with developmental disorders have suffered from misdiagnosis." 
Why we should stop trying to raise happy children: 
The science of setting goals: 
This absurdly popular television program is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry: 
"Most people over 50 feel better, less stressed, less hostile, less anxious." 
“People often get lost thinking they have to change everything all at once." The science of setting goals: 
"We each live in the shadow of a personal apocalypse." 
"If we want open-mindedness, imagination, creativity, innovation, we should think more like children." 
How people around the world make choices: 
7 ways stress does your mind and body good: 
"Our feelings about how we're feeling are notoriously unreliable." How to better understand yourself: 
The how-to's of powerful speaking — from handy vocal exercises to tips on speaking with empathy: 
A thought-provoking look at why soldiers miss war: 
"We're hurrying through our lives, instead of actually living them." Why we need to slow down: 
"We have an oversimplified and increasingly outmoded view of the biological basis of psychiatric disorders." 
7 TED Talks on the art of meaningful conversation: 
Expert tips to make you a better public speaker: 
"Our creativity comes from without, not from within." 
"Art can remake one's identity and transform preconceptions." 
"Stress, worry, anger all decrease with age." 
"Every language is just a group of people who agree to understand each other." 
11 TED Talks to watch with kids: 
9 TED Talks that will change your view of mental illness: 
"You don't need to be brilliant to be wise, but without wisdom, brilliance isn't enough."  
How people around the world think about parenting: 
"A lot of the foods that Americans think of as Chinese food are barely recognizable to Chinese." 
This talk will completely change the way you think about stress: 
"The world is going to need all of the different kinds of minds to work together." - @DrTempleGrandin 
"When I made small, sustainable changes, they were more likely to stick." 
"I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys, because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me." 
"Tiny tweaks can lead to big changes." 
The most adorable lesson you'll ever see on complexity theory: 
"The key to maximizing our talents is for us all to put ourselves in the zone of stimulation that is right for us." 
Why all it takes to be more compassionate is the simple act of noticing: 
Remember back in the day when you did one thing at a time? You should try that again. 
Comedian John @Hodgman's detalied, hilarious proof of the existence of aliens (and, even stranger, love): 
"The government knows far too much about what goes on behind closed doors." 
"Nowhere is magical unless you can bring the right eyes to it." 
This astonishing new microscope could turn everyday objects into microphones -- and much, much more: 
"Go ahead and make words like duckface, just don't make duckface." 
"The one constant in our life is change." 
The extraordinary lessons one woman learned from her autistic brothers: 
"Empower everybody to use their judgment, their intelligence." 
"Studying the asteroids is like performing forensics on our solar system." 
Think you've got a terrible memory? You don't know the half of it: 
7 TED Talks that just might save your relationship: 
Simple ways to raise kids who are creative, confident, and in control of the world around them: 
"Why is it that raising our children is associated with so much anguish and confusion?" 
How we can nurture and celebrate different ways of thinking: 
7 TED Talks to watch on your holiday travels: 
11 must-see TED Talks: 
6 TED Talks to help you get in shape (for real this time): 
"We have a system of justice that treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent." 
10 TED Talks on how to take charge of your health: 
Want to learn Chinese? Start with these simple characters:  
“Half the confusion in the world comes from not knowing how little we need.” 
"It wasn't until I let go of the life I thought I should have that I was able to embrace the life waiting for me." 
"We have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned." 
A critical look at our culture's narrow definition of beauty: 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
"Happiness is not just the absence of misery." 
Let puppies teach you complexity theory:  
How to make your creativity flourish: 
2014: The Year in Review  #TEDTalks
"Society decides when we are old. But we all feel younger than our real ages." 
Done with small talk? Have more interesting conversations: 
A lovely reminder to treat others as you want to be treated: 
"If I want to paint your portrait, I'm painting it on you -- physically on you."  
A fascinating, funny case for what the next species of human will be like: 
Why do we cry? The three types of tears:  via @TED_ED
"Meditation offers the opportunity to step back and see that things aren't always as they appear." 
4 things you need to embrace so your creativity can flourish: 
5 TED Talks to kickstart your creativity: 
"We know these characters aren't real, but we have real feelings about them." 
Why hearing "you're not there yet" is more helpful than hearing you failed: 
This is where your elusive creative genius is hiding: 
"We were able to grow about a salad a week in a typical New York City apartment window."  
“Time disappears. You forget yourself. You feel part of something larger.” Is this the secret to happiness? 
11 TED Talks that can help you reach your career goals this year: 
"Perhaps the task of the third act of life is to finish up the task of finishing ourselves." 
More women have died of heart disease than men in the past decades. Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
20 most popular TED Talks of all time: 
"You can find the strange in the familiar if you're willing to look beyond what's already been brought to light." 
"If you come across a problem that grabs you, let it keep you up at night." 
"When people pursue money too avidly, they forget about the basic pleasures of life."  
“A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.” 
Simple lifestyle changes that can actually make your brain bigger: 
"It's a lot harder to convince people you're sane than to convince people you're crazy." 
"In order for connection to happen, we have to allow ourselves to be seen, really seen." 
Why so many people feel miserable and disengaged at work -- and how we might fix it:  
How sleep really does help restore the mind: 
“It takes lots of experience to learn how to care for people.” 
This was the most-watched TED Talk of 2014. Have you seen it yet? 
A great memory is not a gift -- it's learned. Here's a simple way to improve your memory: 
"Juggling work and family are not women's problems; they're family problems." 
"Self-discipline is like a muscle; the more you exercise it, the stronger it gets." 
"Sometimes making a living and making a life point in opposite directions." 
"Older people can view injustice with compassion, but not despair." 
"Our evolved sexuality is in direct conflict with many aspects of the modern world." 
Beautiful animations that take you inside a living cell:  
"We develop our worldview in order to help us manage the terror of death." 
If you drive a car, you'll want to watch this talk: 
12 TED Talks to restore your faith in humanity: 
Introduce your family to TED with these classic talks: 
10 questions to ask your family around the dinner table: 
"Let's make sure our ideas of success are our own, that we are truly the authors of our own ambitions." 
"Are we raising kids who don't know how to dream big dreams, whose biggest goal is getting the next A?" 
For people who find the holidays just a little bit too nutty: 
"We cannot bear a pointless torment, but we can endure great pain if we believe that it's purposeful." 
How to grow a mini-forest in your own backyard to do your part for a greener planet:   
"Creativity grows out of everyday experiences." 
"We can do more than simply helping refugees survive. We can help them thrive." - @melissarfleming 
Need a confidence boost? Try power posing:  
"If you drive a car in the United States, the government has photographs of you going about your daily life." 
"You can chase your dreams at any age; you're never too old." 
"In an age of distraction, nothing is so luxurious as paying attention." 
"Education allows refugee children to think of their future. Of hope, rather than hatred." 
"No person who is fleeing war should ever face a closed border." - @melissarfleming  
“As teachers, we should strive to be the ordinary heroes, the moral exemplars, to the people we mentor.” 
3 bits of advice that every twenty-something needs to hear: 
How to make stress your friend: 
How to overcome the fears that hold you back: 
"Words are like LEGO. If you use enough force, you can put any two of them together." 
This new microscope uses video to reveal tiny motions -- like blood flowing under the skin: 
"The harmful effects of stress on your health are not inevitable -- how you think can transform stress." 
“A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.” 
How diets affect your brain -- and why this healthy alternative may be more effective: 
10 TED Talks you won't be able to stop thinking about:  
Why it's so hard to lose weight and keep it off: 
"Let's make sure our ideas of success are our own, that we are truly the authors of our own ambitions." 
"Diets may seem harmless, but they actually do a lot of collateral damage." 
Can we use "people maps" to predict the next Ferguson? 
The real 10 most fascinating people of 2014: 
"Chinese food is the most pervasive food on the planet, served on all seven continents, even Antarctica." 
20 most popular TED Talks of 2014: 
"Go after what it is that creates meaning in your life and trust yourself to handle the stress that follows." 
Watch the most popular #technology TED Talk of 2014: 
"Every human being needs to listen consciously in order to live fully." 
Clever, simple ways to use technology more effectively: 
"We live in a world stuck in fast-forward." How to slow down: 
"Our default wiring is to help. But then the question is, why don't we?" 
"We've got to work on developing all different kinds of minds." - @DrTempleGrandin 
10 top time-saving tech tips: 
The good news on poverty (yes, there's good news): 
"The accuracy of our memories is not measured in how vivid they are, nor how certain you are that they're correct." 
3 ways people react when they learn they're about to die: 
10 weirdest things that have happened in TED Talks: 
"I started out with a dream to make a star in my garage, and I ended up meeting the president." 
“Spending on other people has a bigger return for you than spending on yourself.” 
"Visionaries not only believe that the impossible can be done, but that it must be done." 
How to buy happiness (for real): 
How technology is changing our relationships to each other: 
"Stories can punch holes in our mental walls. And through those holes, we can get a glimpse of the other." 
"We are designing technology that will give us the illusion of companionship without the demands of friendship." 
How to turn a video game controller into a multi-touch digital whiteboard, and other fun hacks: 
4 truths about parenting that no one wants to admit: 
"Love is a process. Thinking of it as binary causes us to be unduly concerned that it's fraudulent or inadequate." 
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." 
"At work, we're often so busy 'communicating' that we don't have time to think." 
"If we don't teach our children to be alone, they will only know how to be lonely." 
"Books have given me a portal to connect with people. I know I shall never feel lonely or powerless again." 
This tech demo is a true TED classic: 
"Solitude is where you find yourself so you can reach out to other people and form real attachments." 
If you don't already love classical music, you will after this talk: 
7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health: 
"Compassion is the capacity to see clearly into the nature of suffering." 
"Black holes can bang on space-time like mallets on a drum." 
How do we learn compassion?  via @TEDRadioHour
"The mosquito has killed more humans than any other creature in human history." 
"Dying is not scary. We've been preparing for it our whole lives." 
"I am not here to inspire you. I am here to tell you that we have been lied to about disability." 
"Livestream can turn cyberspace into a global political arena where everyone might have a voice." 
"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
"Calling gender violence a women's issue is part of the problem." 
Why Americans don't hear more about what happens in the rest of the world: 
"The Web can be used as a colossal, uncontrollable and highly anarchical TV channel." 
"The seasonal flu is probably the biggest driver of antibiotic use." The coming crisis in antibiotics: 
12 #TEDTalks that will restore your faith in humanity: 
These inspiring, personal stories will make anyone feel less alone: 
“Even people raised on hate can make a choice about who they want to be.” 
"Our comfort foods map who are, where we come from, and what happened to us along the way." 
"Good and evil is the yin and yang of the human condition." 
How a new app could help restore sight to over 30 million people:  
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
"We know these characters aren't real, but we have real feelings about them." 
TED's shift from old power to new power:  @HarvardBiz @jeremyheimans
"Reason is just a means to an end, and the end depends on the reasoner's passions." 
"If you're feeling fear and despair, your mind narrows down to very safe and conservative ways of thinking." 
"A lot of people can boldly ask for a raise, but can’t ask for a hug. And a lot have the opposite problem." 
@ashbeckham Your TED Talk was one of the 20 most popular talks we posted this year -- thought you'd enjoy :) 
@ClintSmithIII We're so glad people loved your talk -- it was a staff favorite!
@ZakEbrahim Your TED Talk was one of the 20 most popular talks we posted this year -- thought you'd enjoy :) 
@Ze_Frank Your TED Talk was one of the 20 most popular talks we posted this year -- thought you'd enjoy :) 
@Andrew_Solomon Your TED Talk was one of the 20 most popular talks we posted this year -- thought you'd enjoy :) 
@GeenaRocero Your TED Talk was one of the 20 most popular talks we posted this year -- thought you'd enjoy :) 
@BlackRelevance Your TED Talk was one of the 20 most popular talks we posted this year -- thought you'd enjoy :) 
@simonsinek Your latest TED Talk was one of the most-watched talks of the year -- thought you'd enjoy :) 
@maysoonzayid Your TED Talk was the most-watched talk we posted this year -- thought you'd enjoy :) 
@DavidEpstein Your TED Talk was one of the 20 most popular this year -- thought you'd enjoy :) 
"64-year-old men and women are running as fast as they were at age 19." 
"The brain didn't evolve to see the world as it is. It evolved to see the world as it was useful to see it." 
How one doctor helps transgender teens become who they want to be: 
What if you could tell the time by how your watch smelled? How to design for all 5 senses: 
20 most popular #TEDTalks of 2014: 
How great designers focus on all five senses: 
"Our only chance of long-term survival is to spread out into space." 
"People around the world are getting better medicine -- but mentally, we're falling apart." 
"I challenge you to see the invisible superheroes from your city."  @mundano_sp #pimpmycarroça 
Why the eff didn't you watch these TED Talks? The 2014 edition: 
25 books worth reading, recommended by TED speakers:  
The delightful art of great book covers:  
"The media have to decide: Do they see their role as being to inflame or to inform?" 
"The political and the sexual are intimate bedfellows, and that is true for us all." 
"Women are driving the social media revolution." 
21 game-changing thinkers who are shaping tomorrow's world:  
"Are we raising kids who don't know how to dream big dreams, whose biggest goal is getting the next A?" 
"Wood gives Mother Nature fingerprints in our buildings." Why we should build wooden skyscrapers: 
14 mind-blowing technology breakthroughs: 
"Much is to be gained by eBooks, but something is lost: a sensual experience, a little bit of humanity." 
"If it would destroy him to be called a girl, what are we then teaching him about girls?" 
This plant has just two single leaves that have been shredded over the past 2,000 years:  
"Just like snowflakes, no two pieces of wood can ever be the same anywhere on Earth." 
"The best thing a child can do with a toy is break it." 
Beautiful photographs of the oldest plants on Earth:  
Smart ways to think about racism and injustice in the U.S. today:  
"If you really want to know a people, you start by looking inside their bedrooms." 
"You're not the authority on your own consciousness that you think you are." 
"The last thing I remember was lying on a white blanket, telling my surgeon to please try and save my voice." 
Design icon David Kelley shares the everyday objects he loves:  @ideo 
"We can praise wisely -- not praising intelligence or talent -- but praising process, effort, strategies, focus." 
Why hearing "you're not there yet" is more helpful than hearing you failed: 
The power of believing that you can improve: 
"Can you imagine our country embracing young black men, seeing them as part of our future?"   #BlackLivesMatter
The wonderful and terrifying implications of computers that can learn: 
"It is the ties between people that makes the whole greater than the sum of its parts." 
10 #TEDTalks by women that everyone should watch:  
"I don't want to live in a world where knowledge is obsolete." 
7 reasons why people don't get involved in politics: 
7 #TEDTalks to make your commute go faster: 
"Student questions are the seeds of real learning." Why curiosity is essential to education: 
The shocking move to criminalize nonviolent protest: 
How computers have learned to see, read, listen, and even write: 
"Up to the age of about four, any smell, no matter how rancid, is simply interesting." 
"What you need to learn is how to learn."  
This opera singer got a double lung transplant -- and never gave up on her dreams: 
"No problem worth solving is simple." 
How your friends affect your health and happiness -- for better or for worse: 
What were this year's most powerful ideas? Watch our top picks of 2014:  
"We need to stop letting disease divorce us from our dreams." 
How to be a great leader without saying a word: 
Why our desire for a quick solution is destroying math education: 
Why you will fail to have a great career: 
"Math makes sense of the world. It's the vocabulary for your own intuition." 
"Passion is what will help you create the highest expression of your talent." 
If your career truly sparked your passion and talent, what would you be doing? 
"Authority is not enough to make people your partners.” 
"Every day, we should be striving to learn something new. We should have an unquenchable curiosity." 
"A known reward excites people, but what really gets them going is the uncertain reward." 
"Magic is the only honest profession. A magician promises to deceive you -- and he does." 
"Over and over throughout history, people in power have used fear to silence truth and dissent." 
This adorable kid just might be the next Steve Jobs: 
"Reason is just a means to an end, and the end depends on the reasoner's passions." 
"Reason has muscle. It's reason that provides the push to widen that circle of empathy." 
How to overcome our biases? Walk boldly toward them:  #IllRideWithYou
11 #TEDTalks with counterintuitive career advice: 
"These are the weapons of mass destruction in the financial world." 
11 TED Talks with Smart Work Advice: 
"You show me a highly unequal society, and I will show you a police state or an uprising." - @NickHanauer 
"The history of science has been one long series of violent brainstorms." 
"Segregation is a social construct. It's something that we choose to do, and we can choose not to do it." 
3 beautiful stories inspired by classic paintings:  
The small and surprisingly dangerous detail the police track about you: 
"Work with me on how we teach our sons to be men -- that it's okay to have feelings and emotions." 
How one woman found the courage to overcome her biggest fear: 
Try these fun optical illusions that reveal how your eyes work: 
The side of terrorism that doesn't make headlines: 
"The ocean is resilient and tolerant to a point, but we must be good custodians." 
"The brain is capable of extraordinary change, way into adulthood." 
6 #TEDTalks on how -- and why -- to forgive those who've hurt you: 
"As adults, we need to learn that there's no right or wrong way to play." 
"We live in a world that actively discourages engagement by constantly putting obstacles and barriers in our way." 
"Police departments across the US possess high-tech surveillance gear." Why that's a danger to us all: 
Stunning photos of the ocean's glory -- and horror:  
7 reasons why people don't get involved in politics: 
Bees are essential to food crops, but they're quickly disappearing. Here's why: 
Are we born to run? 
What does it mean to be courageous? @TEDRadioHour explores what it takes to stand up for what's right: 
Love a good braintwister? 8 #TEDTalks on unsolved mysteries: 
"We can't afford to lose any more bees." Why they're dying and what you can do to help: 
"My liberation as a man is tied to your liberation as a woman." 
How we can heal the minds of criminal psychopaths: 
A billionaire's take on why income inequality is bad -- and dangerous: 
"It was as though they knew the words, but not the music of empathy." The mind of a criminal psychopath: 
One of the most important and overlooked human rights struggles in the world: 
"Numbers are the musical notes with which the symphony of the universe is written." 
"I want to create these oases of sculpture in cities around the world."  
"There are at least a billion cousins of the Earth just in our own galaxy." 
"If the monster wants you, the monster's gonna get you." 3 ways to strengthen yourself against dementia: 
"The most important characteristic of leadership is that it comes from within." 
"The laws are ours, and no matter what your ethnicity, nationality, gender, race, they belong to us." 
"We're looking at a city as if it was a giant high school cafeteria, seeing how everyone arranges themselves." 
"A city is the sum of the relationships between the people who live there." 
"Buying people out of slavery is like paying a burglar to get your television back; it's abetting a crime." 
"Forget nuclear holocaust; it's the fork that we have to worry about." 
"Beauty doesn't equate to goodness, and it certainly doesn't equate to contentment." 
A very funny talk about geeking out on math: 
"When a language dies, we don't know what we lose with that language." 
"Now, you have to learn to wake up and get dressed for your digital self." 
"I used to dress in a way that looked good. Now I dress in a way that sounds good." 
"Was I who I had been before the crash, before this road divided my life like the spine of an open book?" 
This might be our favorite TED Talk -- er, Kid Talk -- ever. Thanks for making our day, @iamkidpresident! 
"When we change people's faces, are we changing their identity -- for better or for worse?" 
"I need a heart so pure that if it's stripped bare by dementia, it will survive." 
"The brain didn't evolve to see the world as it is. It evolved to see the world as it was useful to see it." 
What people talk about in cities around the world:  
Ever wished you could fly? Here's what it feels like to fly over the Grand Canyon:  
"If it would destroy him to be called a girl, what are we then teaching him about girls?" 
This inspiring woman stands up for people who’ve never known justice: 
"This world that we live in, this interactive world, is ours. So go ahead and start inventing." 
"No free and open society can long sustain this kind of rising economic inequality. It has never happened." 
"I learned that I did not have to trade part of my body to get an education. I had a right." 
The dirty secret you need to know about your cell phone: 
Tour the solar system from home:  
"Muslims are much more likely to be victims of fundamentalist violence than its perpetrators." 
If you drive a car, you'll want to watch this talk: 
"The government knows far too much about what goes on behind closed doors." 
"It is not enough just to battle terrorism. We must also challenge fundamentalism." 
Why some people find exercise harder than others: 
"A lot of aid today isn't better than giving directly to the poor. I hope that one day, it will be." 
How do you find stillness in the chaos of daily life? 6 TED speakers share their strategies: 
"Future jobs will look more and more like science fiction." What work will be like in the future: 
Looking for gift ideas? Check out these recommendations from our speakers:  
"Student questions are the seeds of real learning." Why curiosity is essential to education: 
3 rules to spark imagination and learning:  #education
What will future jobs look like? 
3 reasons why slavery is still going on today: 
Why great design is more than just a pretty facade:  
"Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure." 
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and to trust." 
Hidden cameras that film injustice in the world's most dangerous places:  #HumanRightsDay 
3 warp-speed architecture tales:  
The world's most boring television ... and why it's hilariously addictive: 
4 TED Talks on the importance of educating girls:  #Malala
"Life is best when it's a bit strange." 
"Why is my daughter so strong? Because I didn't clip her wings." - #Malala's father   
This was the most popular #TEDTalk of 2014: 
A young guitar virtuoso meets his hero -- and gives a spectacular performance: 
“Empathy is more powerful than hate, and our lives should be dedicated to making it go viral.” 
The art of slowing down and finding peace: 
"Human relationships are rich and messy and demanding, and we clean them up with technology." 
"We're social animals, not rational animals. We emerge out of relationships." 
7 #TEDTalks on the art of meaningful conversation: 
Powerful photos of fighters and mourners in the Ukrainian revolution:  
Stuck in the house with restless kids? Watch these talks with them: 
"We have a society that is paralyzed by fear. So our capacity for compassion is also paralyzed." 
"The separation between science and human values is an illusion -- and actually quite a dangerous one." 
"No matter how good an aid organization is at what they do, they eventually have to go home." 
"It's an exquisite form of torture to starve while dragging a sledge full of food."  
"One is a flash of white light. Six is a tiny and very sad black hole." A unique way of looking at the world: 
"Compassion is the capacity to see clearly into the nature of suffering." 
"No matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal." 
Dazzling images show how our brains are wired:  
5 things design icon @johnmaeda can't live without:  
"Fear has taken over, and patients suffer the consequences." What your doctor won't tell you: 
"Beauty doesn't equate to goodness, and it certainly doesn't equate to contentment." 
"Jealousy is exhausting. It's a hungry emotion. It must be fed." 
"Science can reveal the most profound ideas to us about our place in the universe." 
The world's weirdest science questions, answered by #xkcd: 
"Reading and educating your emotions is one of the central activities of wisdom." 
"The humanity we all share is more important than the mental illness we may not." 
Get your next eye exam on a smartphone:  @TEDFellow 
"The most successful technology gets out of the way and helps us live our lives." 
"It's not that machines are taking over; it's that they're helping us be more human." 
"Might I be taking better care of my human patient if I saw them as a human animal patient?" 
"Disability doesn't make you exceptional, but questioning what you think you know about it does." - Stella Young 
"I am not here to inspire you. I am here to tell you that we have been lied to about disability." - Stella Young 
"We have within us the capacity to manufacture the happiness we are constantly chasing." 
This gel can make you stop bleeding instantly:  @TEDFellow 
"Imagine having a nightmare while you're awake." The terrifying experience of schizophrenia: 
This talk will completely change the way you think about stress: 
7 #TED Talks to make your commute go faster: 
@net_hues @TEDNews Hi Annette, thank you so much for that correction. We've updated the blog post to reflect the correct date.
"We've been sold this lie that disability makes you exceptional. And it honestly doesn't." Remembering Stella Young: 
10 bold ideas for ending HIV/AIDS: 
"Go after what it is that creates meaning in your life and then trust yourself to handle the stress that follows." 
"There's a hidden epidemic in medicine: Doctors are scared of patients finding out who we are." 
"Reality changes words far more than words can ever change reality." 
"You know how exhausting it can be to try to be perfect when you're not, or to be somebody that you aren't?" 
"The schizophrenic mind is not split, but shattered." What it feels like to have a psychotic episode: 
How flowers cleverly deceive pollinators:  
This octopus comes out of nowhere:  
A lovely reminder that your depth of character is just as important as your accomplishments: 
"Some of the best and most humanistic medicine is being practiced by doctors whose patients aren't human." 
What do you want to be remembered for at the end of your life? 
"Being absolutely true to yourself is freedom." 
"If, like me, you're wearing a gold ring, it was forged in a supernova explosion." 
"If you tell people you're depressed, everyone runs the other way." Let's end the stigma. 
"An idea is a network -- a new configuration that has never formed before." 
What veterinarians know that doctors don't: 
7 #TEDTalks that just might save your relationship: 
This history of our world in 18 minutes:  
There are 27 million people enslaved in the world today. These are their stories:  
"The world I believe in is one where we're measured by our ability to overcome adversities, not avoid them." 
"Aliens might be very far away. Perhaps, I dare say, even on other planets." - @hodgman 
“We can’t reliably distinguish true memories from false memories." 
9 trippy TED Talks:  
Einstein the Parrot is a surprisingly eloquent speaker: 
"Magic is the only honest profession. A magician promises to deceive you -- and he does." 
"What do you call a veterinarian who can only take care of one species? A physician." 
"How we die lives on in the minds of everybody who survives us." What makes a good end of life? 
A simple checklist that cuts your chance of dying in surgery by half: 
"Stop with the labels, because we are not jam jars. We are extraordinary, different, wonderful people." 
10 math talks to blow your mind: 
How to reinvent the apartment building:  
"Disability is the elephant in the room." The courage to embrace all of yourself: 
Can we build a world where we teach people to accept themselves? 
Take a tour of the universe with this stunning 3D map:  
How we remember things that didn't actually happen: 
"The only way we're going to beat a problem that people are battling alone is by standing strong together." 
These robots are training for the 2050 World Cup:  
11 #TEDTalks with counterintuitive career advice: 
10 #TEDTalks to watch when every conceivable bad thing has just happened to you:  
Pretty soon, kids will start asking for a robot instead of a dog: 
How science can answer moral questions: 
"The two most powerful words when we're in struggle: me too." 
"If I really want to change my life, I might best begin by changing my mind." 
How we might be able to extend our lives and stay young ... with the help of these mutant worms: 
4 animations that show what's really going on with our climate: 
How a dead duck changed one scientist's life: 
"My self became defined by otherness, which meant that, in that social world, I didn't really exist." 
"When we are anxious over choices, we easily give our power of choice away." 
"Your home is whatever in this world you love more than you love yourself." 
The beautiful tricks of flowers:  
How to find the courage to do what you love, even when failure is likely: 
"I had to find a way to make sure that my creativity survived my own success." 
@IrreverentItaly Haha yes that would be much easier! Next time...
It's hard to build a toaster when you try to make your own steel:  
"The humanity we all share is more important than the mental illness we may not." 
How monarch butterflies can help us cure diseases:  
A dance in a hurricane of paper, wind and light:  
You'll want to change all your passwords after this talk: 
What's next for machine learning — and human knowledge: 
"Our younger generation is going to transform this country." A fascinating look at youth in China: 
The surprising workforce crisis of 2030 -- and how to start solving it now: 
"It's a terrible simplification that there's one Africa and things go on in one way in Africa. We have to stop that." 
11 TED Talks to watch with kids: 
An acrobatic, incredible street-dance performance:  
"We have to teach kids that Coke and Pop Tarts aren't breakfast." 
How tiny invisible microbes shape your life in ways you'd never expect: 
"Do not forget to have fun. That's really the secret of our success, we're having too much fun." 
“The most effective way to create social change is to work within the communities themselves.” 
Meet the robots training for the World Cup (yes, that World Cup): 
"The Internet is showing us what it thinks we want to see, but not necessarily what we need to see." @elipariser 
What you'd eat if you moved to Mars: 
"The time has come to stop raising animals industrially and stop eating them thoughtlessly." 
"Making your ideas accessible is not the same as dumbing it down." 
A fascinating look at deep sea creatures that glow in the dark to communicate:  
"Do not forget to have fun. That's really the secret of our success, we're having too much fun." 
"These days, students usually know a little more than teachers with technology." Meet a 12-year-old app developer: 
How young people in China are calling for social justice and government transparency: 
“The circumstances of our lives matter less to our happiness than the sense of control we feel over our lives.” 
"Ask yourself, what are the stories that no one has an incentive to tell?" 
"Our food system is an insult to history. It's an insult to the basic laws of nature and of biology." 
"Our food system is an insult to history. It's an insult to the basic laws of nature and of biology."  
"Our capacity to screw up isn't an embarrassing defect in the human system. It's fundamental to who we are." 
"We choose not to choose, even when it goes against our best self-interests." How to make choosing easier: 
"We don't just enjoy now, we participate." Why we love weird viral videos so much: 
How great speakers inspire others to believe in their ideas -- and how you can too: 
How @_Videre exposes human-rights abuses the world needs to witness ... with the help of a few brave souls: 
What will a future without secrets look like? 
"This is the biggest dream I've ever had &amp; it was so nearly perfect." An epic survival story:  
"The worst thing we can do is say, jeez, I got enough to worry about without worrying about an asteroid." 
How the West became so much more powerful than the rest of the world: 
"We are on the verge of losing a generation of scientists at the exact moment we need to embolden them." 
"There is medical knowledge in the rainforest; treatments for diseases that we don't yet know about." 
Why does the universe exist? 3 possible answers to the ultimate question: 
"I should be able to ask my house where my shoes are." How to fool a GPS: 
"When we are confronted with something difficult, we can rise to the occasion and respond to the opportunity." 
How one creative teen solved a problem that none of the adults in his community could fix: 
This floating village is built entirely on the water:  
This teen's loss inspired him to invent a new test for pancreatic cancer: 
This is the real reason you have a brain: 
People make homes in the nooks and crannies of this abandoned tower:  
"Our only chance of long-term survival is to spread out into space." - Stephen Hawking 
Stunning photos that celebrate our ability to make a home anywhere:  
"We've got to start teaching our kids about food in schools." - @JamieOliver 
"The world is richer, vaster than it too often seems to be." 
"We are responsible for what kids eat." Why school lunch is a social justice issue: 
"For real change, we need feminine energy in the management of the world." 
These amazing illusions will seriously mess with your mind: 
The @freakonomics of crack dealing: 
"We can't keep feeding our kids pesticides, herbicides, antibiotics, hormones." What's wrong with school lunch: 
"The pyramid of life in the ocean and our own lives on land are intricately connected."  
8 pro tips to help you take better photos: 
How to take great photos -- even on your cell phone: 
This is Stephen Hawking floating in zero gravity at the edge of our atmosphere:  
Explorer @polarben walked 69 marathons back-to-back -- the longest polar journey on foot:  
"This is the single biggest ethical problem facing medicine today." Why bad science is so harmful: 
"Privacy is both the means and the price to pay for freedom." 
The secret structure of great talks: 
How Detroit could prosper again as a home for entrepreneurs: 
"Happiness is not a finish line. If we can't feel content amid the mess and the striving, we might never feel it." 
This woman was the first to host a primetime Chinese television show that allowed hosts to speak their minds: 
How we can predict the next financial crisis: 
"The only way this planet is going to deal with its global challenges is with the effective use of data." 
Why the way we think about charity is dead wrong:  #GivingTuesday
How spending money on others can buy you happiness:  #GivingTuesday
"No one has to green-light your idea." How we all became creators of pop culture: 
What if you could "turn off" diseases like Parkinson's or depression? This new treatment might:  
"Calling gender violence a women's issue is part of the problem." 
3 mistakes you make when you think about happiness: 
Why we mistakenly think people are happier in California: 
"Big data is going to transform how we live, how we work, and how we think." Here's how: 
"Our memory tells us stories. What we get to keep from our experiences is a story." 
How big data could help prevent car crashes, detect cancer, and more: 
Why domestic violence victims don't leave: 
"Abuse thrives only in silence. You have the power to end domestic violence simply by shining a spotlight on it." 
"I should be able to ask my house where my shoes are." 
9 TED Talks to watch instead of shopping:  #CyberMonday
10 TED Talks to watch on #WorldAIDSDay: 
"To think in terms of stories is fundamentally human. We use stories to make meaning in our lives." 
Why all those duckface selfies might not be such a great idea: 
Trying to resist spending any more on those #CyberMonday sales? These talks will help: 
Can technology solve our big problems? What needs to happen first: 
Hidden cameras that film injustice in the world's most dangerous places:  @_Videre 
Two poems about what dogs think (probably): 
"Consciousness is a bag of tricks." How your mind fools you: 
3 types of motivation that drive creative work: 
How magnetic pulses can change your morals: 
Your phone company knows more about you than your closest friends do: 
Young farm startups go back to the land:  
"Evidence to discover the most fundamental truths of all the sciences is here for the taking on our planet." 
"A simple story is a kind of mental laziness." 
The hidden power of smiling: 
"Be honest about the praise that you need to hear." 
"The human mind has the capacity to make any of us kind or cruel, caring or indifferent, creative or destructive." 
"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
We've come a long way since Pong. 
This robot uses your iPhone as its brain:  
"There is something to learn from the example of religion -- even if you don't believe any of it." 
"We can now match people to their dogs based on the microbes they share." 
"If you want to succeed, you've got to be okay with losing control." 
The math and magic of origami:  
"If I were in charge of the Internet, you could Mapquest your lover's mood swings." 
"In an age of distraction, nothing is so luxurious as paying attention." 
"Image is powerful, but it's also superficial." Why looks aren't everything: 
"I wouldn't trade my autism and my imagination for the world." 
"Believe me, if there's an animal misbehaving on this planet, I know about it." 
"Vulnerability is not weakness." How to turn shame into strength: 
How to ask for the thanks you want to hear: 
“Perception is subjective. What we think we see is filtered through our own mind’s eye.” 
"Whatever brilliant ideas you have or hear, the opposite may also be true." 
8 delectable talks for foodies: 
"Many of us think that compassion drains us, but I promise you it truly enlivens us." 
How your brain is fooling you most of the time: 
How bonobos are becoming more like us:  
How new technology can put us all on the NFL field -- in real time: 
Clowns are out. Get a cyber-magician for your next party: 
How to expose the corrupt (and why we so desperately need to): 
"GPS dots will fundamentally reorder your life. Will you be able to resist the temptation to track your fellow man?" 
"If we started to think about how we feed our kids as a health initiative, we wouldn't have corn dogs as lunch." 
"We all wind up traveling through life, trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything." 
"Misbehave more beautifully, more often." 
"Most people contemplating suicide wouldn't think of hurting another person; they just want their own pain to end." 
"People around the world are getting better medicine -- but mentally, we're falling apart." 
Why the electric skateboard should be your new mode of transportation:  
It's better to rip the BandAid, and other beliefs that we actually have backward: 
"We have to let machines evolve and learn like children." How this strange robot taught itself to walk: 
"There is recovery. There is redemption." How one man recovered from a seemingly incurable depression: 
How spiders weave their magnificent webs:  
3 ways of thinking with your body: 
"Our democracy is a people's democracy. It can be as great as people can be, and as fallible as people are." 
"YouTube has changed the speed at which an individual can spread an idea around the world." 
"Why don't we ask for the things we need?" A simple way to be more open with those you love: 
A 50-cent microscope that folds like origami:  via @TEDFellow 
How to talk to people you disagree with: 
"The rainforest holds the answers to questions we have yet to ask." - Surinamese saying 
"To be a hero, you have to learn to be a deviant, because you're always going against the conformity of the group." 
How we can make games like World of Warcraft to solve real-world problems: 
"The gray areas are where you find the complexity, the humanity, and the truth." 
3 questions to help you understand people you disagree with: 
"Less meat, less junk, more plants." A passionate call to change the way we eat: 
Robots that slither, climb, and crawl...and train for the World Cup:  
"You have to fight for your self-determination today. You have to fight for it every day." 
"Familiarity is the gateway drug to empathy." 
"The key to heroism is to act when other people are passive." 
A fascinating look at a culture where funerals are a raucous, public affair: 
Why aerial bombing almost never works: 
"A known reward excites people, but what really gets them going is the uncertain reward." 
"You have to fight for your self-determination today. You have to fight for it every day." 
"Feminism is not a rulebook but a discussion, a conversation, a process." 
What goes on in your brain when you imagine what others are thinking:  
Try these fascinating experiments to see how your mind works:  
What the people of the Amazon know that you don't: 
"If we want humanity to last forever, we have to colonize the Milky Way." 
Watch a choreographer's creative process in real time: 
"The key to heroism is to act when other people are passive." 
9 TED Talks to watch instead of shopping:  #BlackFriday
"Our feelings about how we're feeling are notoriously unreliable." 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
This man turns juggling into an art form: 
How we read each other's minds: 
"We've been fishing the seas like we clear-cut forests. It's hard to overstate the destruction." 
How to turn small talk into smart conversation: 
"We have to be prepared to change our minds." 
"No precautions can avoid problems that we don't foresee. We need a stance of problem-fixing, not problem-avoidance." 
"It's not happiness that makes us grateful; it's gratefulness that makes us happy." 
"In an age of constant movement, nothing is so urgent as sitting still." 
"Sometimes making a living and making a life point in opposite directions." 
"Sometimes we need to go to the opposite side of the world to realize assumptions we didn't even know we had." 
This adorable kid just might be the next Steve Jobs: 
How online "filter bubbles" warp your view of the world: 
Meet the future of cancer research: 
How open data is being used to do extraordinary things, beyond what we could have imagined: 
The future of fake meat:  
"Why not celebrate uniqueness and cheer every time someone unleashes their imagination?" 
"Hard choices are hard because there is no best option." 
"The world is never saved in grand messianic gestures, but in everyday acts of compassion." 
"Visual information is effortless, and if you're navigating a dense information jungle, it's a relief." 
How to buy happiness: 
"If you really want to rediscover wonder, you need to step outside of that tiny, terrified space of rightness." 
"All the major threats facing us today are problems entirely of our own making." 
"What we need now is a radically new conception of agriculture, one in which the food actually tastes good." 
"If I controlled the Internet, you could auction your broken heart on eBay." 
"In a piece of music, it's the pause or the rest that gives the piece its beauty and its shape." 
Need another reason to be freaked out by crows? Here you go: 
The bizarre story of a groundbreaking piece of WWII technology with a deeply unexpected result: 
"The design of a street can tell you everything about what's expected on it." How we made New York City safer: 
"Democracy is the only game in town. The problem is that many people believe it is not a game worth playing." 
"Love is in us. It's deeply embedded in the brain. Our challenge is to understand each other." 
“Spending on other people has a bigger return for you than spending on yourself.” 
"Data can help make a good design great, but it will never make a bad design good." 
"It's unbelievably important for us to really test our listening skills, to use our bodies as a resonating chamber." 
"Facts are vulnerable to misuse." 
"In that moment, I knew that I was no longer the choreographer of my life." A stroke of insight: 
"People are so afraid of variety that they try to fit everything into a tiny box with a very specific label." 
"What we eat is really our chemotherapy three times a day." How we can eat to starve cancer: 
How pollution comes back to haunt us on the dinner table: 
Why "follow your passion" can be terrible career advice: 
"The truth won't set us free until we develop the skills and the moral courage to use it." 
"Hard choices are precious opportunities for us to become the distinctive people that we are." 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." An empowering view of disability: 
"It's time for us to be comfortable with the uncomfortable conversation about race." 
"We're never more beautiful than when we're most ugly. That's when we really know what we're made of." 
A word game to communicate in any language: 
"If you're grateful, you act out of a sense of 'enough' and not out of a sense of scarcity." 
"Today, I'm dressed in C major." How @NeilHarbisson listens to color:  
"If you give people power without oversight, it's a prescription for abuse." 
"Those who fail get another opportunity. We always get another opportunity." 
A meditation on being grateful for the beauty all around us:  
Why do good people go bad? The psychology of evil: 
10 questions to ask your family at the dinner table:  #Thanksgiving
"We hold the master key to happiness in our own hands." 
"The thing that makes Goliath seem strong is the source of his greatest weakness." 
Want to recharge your creative spirits? Try this: 
The untold story of David and Goliath, or the advantage of being an underdog: 
"Systematic corruption is the main reason for misery, for poverty, for violence, for desperation." 
How a little conflict can be a very good thing: 
These are tiny grains of sand under a 3D microscope.  
"American democracy is vitally dependent on good people who cherish the ideals of our system." 
"Dance has never had a better friend than technology." How @YouTube is changing the face of dance: 
The killer American diet that's sweeping the planet: 
"Celebrate your own style. Don't draw the way you're being told to draw. Draw the way you're drawing and keep at it." 
How to feel comfortable with conflict -- and use it to your advantage: 
Why the best thinking partners will try to prove you wrong: 
"Our system of justice treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent." 
"The truth won't set us free until we develop the skills and the moral courage to use it." 
7 TED Talks to get you ready for Thanksgiving: 
"When we dare to create conflict, we enable ourselves and the people around us to do our very best thinking." 
"What we need now is a radically new conception of agriculture, one in which the food actually tastes good." 
"I want to shake your confidence that you know your innermost mind." 
Tips to communicate more effectively (especially about complex ideas):  
Beautiful, sad gifs show what's happening to the ocean:  
"Singing, for me, is sweet relief. It is the only time when I feel fluent." On singing through a stutter: 
5 must-reads on sports history and science, chosen by @DavidEpstein: 
"Globalization has taken us by surprise, and we've been slow to respond to it." How we can catch up: 
Watch tiny robots do an adorable robot dance: 
"Mathematics is not just solving for x; it's also figuring out why." 
A jaw-dropping violin performance by an 11-year-old musical virtuoso: 
Were you a young introvert? How to make classrooms better for quiet kids: 
"What you imagine, sitting in your office, are not how you find them when you actually go out into the world." 
A powerful lesson on how to listen with your whole body: 
"We should be working with nature, not trying to control it." The future of food, with @jamieoliver: 
"Pleasant things work better." Why well-designed objects are so delightful: 
How CERN's supercollider can help us discover the secrets of the universe: 
3 ways good design makes you happy: 
The surprising thing robots can't do yet (and why): 
How much of your brain do you actually use? The answer is not what you think:  via @TED_ED
Need inspiration to slow down and enjoy life? Start here: 
How to find peace and quiet in the chaos of daily life:  via @TEDRadioHour
4 rules of thumb to make you less ignorant about the world: 
7 TED Talks that just might save your relationship: 
How to make work-life balance work: 
3 ways people react when they learn they're about to die: 
"We're all learning about the world even before we enter it." What we learn before we're born: 
This kid built a nuclear fusion reactor in his parents' garage: 
How the Constitution was designed to save us from ourselves: 
Can prejudice ever be a good thing? How our biases work: 
This tiny lab can diagnose disease at almost zero cost:  
10 TED Talks on math to blow your mind: 
Want to be happier? Stay in the moment: 
A few odd things that the happiest couples do differently: 
What you don't know about marriage: 
Photos of secret sites most people never see:  
How cults rewire the brain: 
"Easy answers to complex questions are very appealing when you're emotionally vulnerable." The mind of a cult member: 
"I wouldn't trade my autism and my imagination for the world." How autism freed me to be myself: 
Two young scientists break down plastics with bacteria: 
The magic of Fibonacci numbers:  #math
"This is just a plumbing problem." How a boiler engineer fixed his own heart: 
This is what happens when you lose everything: 
How do you take a bath without water? Like this: 
Did you know space ice cream only made it onto one flight? Turns out, it's gross.  
"Wouldn't it be great if, every once in a while, we did mathematics simply because it was fun or beautiful?" 
"Being open to uncertain outcomes and taking risks creates opportunities for unexpected discoveries." 
Trippy X-ray images of everyday things:  
"A language is not just a body of vocabulary or a set of grammatical rules. It's a flash of the human spirit." 
How one architect transformed his community:  
"Life is not linear; it's organic. We create our lives symbiotically as we explore our talents." 
"We spend lots of time learning about calculation, but let's not forget about application."  #math
How can we get rid of plastic waste? One creative solution: 
"We make very poor use of our talents. Many people go through their lives with no real sense of their talents." 
A thought experiment on the intelligence of crows:  
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
"We have sold ourselves into a fast food model of education, and it's impoverishing our spirit." 
"Education, in a way, dislocates many people from their natural talents." 
"Every day, everywhere, our children spread their dreams beneath our feet. We should tread softly." 
How to help introverted kids succeed at school:  #edchat
"Why not celebrate uniqueness and cheer every time someone unleashes their imagination?" 
Space food! How we're making comfort food for astronauts in space:  
Powerful talks on the importance of educating girls: 
"If I was trying to fit myself into a box, I wouldn't have achieved half the things that I have now."  
How does your memory work? 7 TED Talks explain: 
"Why do people strive to be normal? Why are they pouring their brilliant, individual light into a mold?" 
7 TED Talks about the search for a breast cancer cure: 
"Particle physicists are nothing if not ambitious." Why CERN built the Large Hadron Collider: 
5 TED Talks to cheer you up on a bad day: 
"The problem isn't that people don't read and listen to the media; the problem is that the media doesn't know." 
"We have to be responsible for setting and enforcing the boundaries that we want in our life." 
Celebrate @Movember with TED's best mustaches. They're seriously impressive.   
"The dying need to know that their life had meaning." 
"Gender has always been considered a fact, immutable. We now know it's more fluid, complex, and mysterious."  #TDOR
"If you don't design your life, someone else will design it for you." 
How you pick up accents, favorite foods and more -- before you're even born: 
The warfare tactic that crushed cities (but not spirits): 
A transgender supermodel shares her extraordinary story of courage and self-identity:  #TDOR 
@JesusOfNaz316 Sorry we thought you were dead! But if your dad is up for sending you back, you should totally apply: 
"I am here, exposed, so one day there won't be a need for #TDOR." @GeenaRocero on why she came out:  #TransLivesMatter
Are you smarter than a 19th-century 5th grader? Test yourself:  
How should we talk about transgender issues?  #TDOR
6 creative ideas to shake up your work routine: 
How the simple washing machine has changed women's lives around the world: 
"I can no longer live my truth for and by myself. I want to help others live without shame and terror."  #TDOR
"All of us are put in boxes. Those with the courage to break free are always a threat to the status quo."  #TDOR
This gel can make you stop bleeding instantly. How it works is incredible:  
"I don't think it's an exaggeration that a major catalyst for moral change has been the situation comedy." 
"Prejudice and bias are natural, and once we understand them, we're in a better position when they go wrong." 
Tiny satellites show us the Earth as it changes in near-real-time:  @planetlabs 
What teens really want to know about sex: 
What the world's best education systems are doing right: 
5 facts you should know about women who shaped modern physics:  
"It's up to us as individuals to take control and responsibility for the type of lives that we want to lead." 
Lessons from Syria on how to survive a civil war: 
"With the smallest investment in the right places, you can radically transform the quality of your life." 
How bad meetings waste your time -- and cost a ton of money:  #infographic
How embroidery is helping women in Pakistan stand up to honor killings and inequality:  
Today is National Have a Bad Day Day? Cheer up with this. And puppies.  
This talk will make you feel much better about the world: 
Can you pass the ignorance test? See what you really know about the world: 
The voices of China's factory workers: 
"Access to sanitation is a basic human right. It is our moral, social, and environmental obligation."  #WorldToiletDay
Poor sanitation kills 1.5 million children every year. How we can save their lives:  #WorldToiletDay
A funny, high-energy ode to mothers everywhere: 
"I watched my son get taken away from me little by little. Today, my son is completely paralyzed." 
"Every day, when you wake up, you can choose to live with positivity." 
Meet the mother who started the #IceBucketChallenge when her son was diagnosed with ALS: 
The word of the year is...vape. How new words get into the @OED: 
"You look like a mermaid, but you walk like a waltz." A charming story of mixed emoticons: 
"Attend to other lives, other visions. Listen to other people." How to increase your empathy: 
The best mustaches on  You're welcome. 
"In the cathedral of the wild, we get to see the most beautiful parts of ourselves reflected back at us." 
"Our own well-being is deeply tied to the well-being of others." What one man learned from Nelson Mandela: 
"Language isn't just words put together. It's how we think, how we see each other, and how others see us." 
"We can empower ourselves to do the things that doctors can't do for us." How you can eat to prevent cancer: 
A simple way to end traffic jams -- for good: 
"I learned that I did not have to trade part of my body to get an education. I had a right." 
Can we eat to starve cancer? 
A simple way to eat less meat -- and why it's worth a try: 
"Step inside of the tiny, little world of somebody else." A radical experiment in empathy: 
"Teaching is a creative profession, not a delivery system. Great teachers mentor, stimulate, provoke, engage." 
"Science isn't a company. It's not a country. It's not even an idea; it's a process." 
@arielizabeth27 That's what we love to hear :)
"The capacity for us to do something smarter together for the greater good lifts us both up." 
"Imagine a world where we use our best talents to accomplish greater things together than we could on our own." 
What New York City looked like 400 years ago:  
"We should be getting new ideas out there ourselves, not depending on companies to do it for us." How to do that: 
"Each one of you is better than anybody else at something." 
What you don't know about political power (but definitely should): 
Are you easily fooled by statistics? Test yourself with the quizzes in this talk: 
"Stop this notion that you need to plan everything, and focus on being connected, always learning, fully present." 
"The first follower is what transforms a lone nut into a leader." 
How to make filthy water drinkable -- and save millions of lives:  
"The essence of leadership is being able to see the iceberg before it hits the Titanic." 
"Everyone's entitled to their opinion. But you're not entitled to your own facts." 
The science of Interstellar: 5 @TED_ED Lessons to help you understand the film (spoilers inside!) 
Why people who help connect others do enormous good for all of us: 
"When you connect with people around a shared interest and action, serendipitous things happen in the future." 
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." 
"A high IQ does not mean you are a good leader." 
How to save the world (or at least yourself) from bad meetings: 
The career advice you probably didn't get: 
"The reality is, hackers can do a lot more than break things. They can bring people together." 
Want a top leadership position? The surprising advice you need: 
We're excited to announce our 2015 TED Prize winner, Dave Isay of @StoryCorps!  
"It is Western desire to consume that is the primary driver of international organized crime." 
"A new era is coming. Higher education is becoming a basic right, affordable and accessible for all." 
Meet the accidental astronomer whose strange discovery inspired a comic book:  
"What I'm passionate about is the inextinguishable, undaunted appetite for learning and experience." 
"The secret of their success was insatiable curiosity, that irrepressible desire to know." 
Where do stereotypes come from? 5 smart ideas in this episode of @TEDRadioHour: 
"All the time, we find animals doing things that, in our arrogance, we thought was just human." 
An eco-friendly burial suit made out of...mushrooms. Would you wear it?  
"A virus is a string of nucleic acid with attitude." 
"The Philosophical Breakfast Club helped invent the modern scientist." 
"Stories are inevitable, if they're good, but they're not predictable." 
What separates us from chimpanzees? 
A stunning performance by the famed modern dance troupe, @Pilobolus: 
"Heart is what drives us and determines our fate." - Isabel Allende 
"It's ideas that hijack our brains." How dangerous memes spread: 
How to tell a great story, from the writer behind "Toy Story," "WALL-E," and other modern classics: 
"We are abusing this great power we have to be wise stewards, and we're destroying the world." 
"We're all responsible for not just the intended effects of our ideas, but for their likely misuses." 
Why athletes are so much faster and stronger than they used to be: 
5 TED Talks for anyone who's ever been bullied: 
How your brain creates meaning and makes sense of big ideas: 
If you don't already love classical music, you will after this talk: 
"Tech companies are the world's largest editors. They decide what is too offensive or provocative for you to see." 
An intimate look at the world's hidden music rituals: 
"Disability doesn't make you exceptional, but questioning what you think you know about it does." 
"Clean and dirty jobs aren't opposites. They're two sides of the same coin." What we can learn from dirty jobs: 
"There is an algorithm for love. It's just not the one we're being presented with online." 
We're learning basic etiquette for being a person in public w/ @nathanwpyle at #TEDYouth  
This woman's dad was a mobster. Now she's a journalist exposing gun violence:  #TEDYouth 
"We pass the people who are invisible like it is normal." @ruddyroye's photography aims to change that #TEDYouth 
A teen built this tiny house all by herself and got an invitation to the White House. #NationOfMakers #TEDYouth 
What if tiny robots could swim through your bloodstream &amp; fix your body w/o surgery? That future is coming. #TEDYouth 
This 15-year-old chef cooks beets so they taste like bacon:  @diningwithflynn #TEDYouth 
"Everyone has a voice. Use it, and use it responsibly. You can empower change and encourage others to do so too." - @_lilchen #TEDYouth
What will Manhattan look like 300 years in the future? Create your own vision at:  #TEDYouth 
"I don't think that books will ever really die, but I do think they will evolve." - artist Brian Dettmer #TEDYouth
This spinosaurus was a predatory dinosaur bigger than the T-Rex with paddle feet to help it swim. #TEDYouth 
Want to see a live TED conference this morning? Watch the #TEDYouth livestream, happening now: 
Where does creativity hide? @AmyTan, author of The Joy Luck Club, shares how she finds inspiration: 
Why elephants never forget, and other cool facts about the astonishing elephant brain:  (via @TED_ED)
Remember back in the day when you did one thing at a time? You should try that again: 
A delightful ode to language, for all the word-lovers out there: 
What makes a serial killer tick? A neuroscientist examines the brains of legendary killers: 
Beautiful animations take you inside a living cell:  
"People are starting to eat like us, live like us, and die like us." How the American diet is wrecking global health: 
Simple lifestyle changes that can actually make your brain bigger: 
The surprising reason why you've never seen baby dinosaur bones: 
Why thinking you're ugly is bad for you: 
"Visionaries not only believe that the impossible can be done, but that it must be done." 
"For decades, we've been focused on political correctness, but what matters more is emotional correctness." 
A lesson in the lost art of democratic debate: 
Simple ways to help yourself commit to a goal and stick with it: 
Twitter is the new radio show. How real-time storytelling online is changing fiction: 
The delightful stories behind some of the most iconic book covers of the last few decades: 
"We're living in the eye of a great storm of extinction." How we decide which animals to save: 
Simple ways to help yourself commit to a goal and stick with it: 
"Ever notice how we tend to identify ourselves by our wounds?" Why they don't have to define you: 
"One of the simplest facts in business is something we often neglect: We're all human." 
"The sickness of fear has taken over, and patients suffer the consequences." What doctors won't tell you: 
How a doctor created one of the most successful anti-violence campaigns the world has ever seen: 
A bitingly funny look at how suburbia makes us miserable:  
"Black holes can bang on space-time like mallets on a drum." Hear the sounds of the universe: 
Will our kids be a different species? Why we might be evolving faster than we think: 
11 of the funniest TED Talk spoofs, and what speakers can learn from them: 
"Happiness is not just the absence of misery." 
"Our desire to alter our state of consciousness may be as fundamental as our desire for food, water, and sex." 
"Jealousy makes us all amateur novelists." 
3 bits of advice that every twenty-something needs to hear: 
Extreme swimming with the world's most dangerous jellyfish:  
"With all this data, it might be a good idea not to look too far into the past of those you love." 
How magnetic pulses can change your moral judgments: 
"A human being can never be broken. Technology is broken. Technology is inadequate." 
"Privacy is nonnegotiable. It should be built into all the systems we use." 
"Each extra dollar of GDP is buying less and less social progress." What we should measure instead: 
"If you don't like the 24/7 all-Kardashian programming, you've got to stop clicking stories about Kim Kardashian." 
How great design uses darkness to balance out the light:  
"What if doctors were to become totally transparent with their patients?" A bold call to help you know your doctor: 
Why our burial practices need an eco-friendly update: 
"Facing our fears head-on allows us to live beyond our limits." 
"Drug cartels are sophisticated, coherent businesses." A surprising look at how they operate and grow:  
Feeling sleepy at work? Why your office might need less light, not more: 
"Our borders and our obstacles can only do two things: stop us in our tracks or force us to get creative." 
"We're getting used to a new way of being alone together." What that's doing to our psyches: 
"LOL is being used as a marker of empathy. It's a marker of accommodation." 
"Home has less to do with a piece of soil than, you could say, with a piece of soul." 
How @YouTube thinks about copyright: 
"In health care we often treat symptoms without addressing the conditions that make you sick in the first place." 
Want to make your new political representative listen to you? Start writing: 
Meet the man who slashed the cost of building a rocket by 75 percent: 
"By appreciating the darkness when you design the light, you create environments that truly enhance our lives." 
Why we need to end the War on Drugs: 
"How we choose to deal with this issue will define who we are as a nation."  #WCGtoUN 
How we can end the political shouting match: 
@GillCussons Nope, it's actually a flea!
This problem has killed more people than every 20th century war combined: 
@melissarfleming @ClariceDraws Beautiful! Clarice, can we feature it on our tumblr account?
Stunning natural wonders too small for your eyes to see:  
How should you talk to veterans about their experience at war? Important advice for Veterans Day: 
"The obstacles to drug reform lie within each of us. It's our fears, our lack of knowledge that stand in the way." 
A provocative talk with a bold call to end the War on Drugs, from drug policy reformist @ethannadelmann: 
"Why some drugs are legal and others aren't has almost nothing to do w/ safety &amp; everything to do w/ who uses them." 
"Think of the US's drug war not as a rational policy, but as the international projection of a domestic psychosis." 
"Education is what people do to you, and learning is what you do to yourself." 
"Humpback song is a form of animal culture, just like music for humans would be." 
xkcd's Randall Munroe is live-cartooning the #CometLanding! Check out his very funny #TEDTalk: 
"The world has changed from analog to digital." Why we should teach statistics before calculus: 
"I give decaf to customers who are rude to me," and other confessions from @postsecret: 
"Our responsibility is not simply shielding those we care for from adversity, but preparing them to meet it well." 
"In music, we take something we love and we build on it." How sampling transformed music: 
"If a picture is worth a thousand words, then a picture of a face needs a whole new vocabulary." 
"This is the gay agenda: equality. Not special rights, but the rights that were already written." 
"The brain abhors a vacuum." How our memories fill in missing details -- and often get them wrong: 
13 powerful war stories from people who have seen it firsthand:  #VeteransDay
"I teach high school math. I sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it." 
"I can't promise my child a life without bias, but I promise to bias my child with multiple perspectives." 
"You can't get anyone to agree with you if they don't even listen to you first." 
"We spend so much time talking past each other and not enough time talking through our disagreements." 
"It's particularly important, as we worry about the flames of the present, to keep an eye on the future." 
If we're going to stop war, we have to answer this question:  #VeteransDay
"Objects tell stories." Why great design is more than just a pretty facade: 
"Our challenge is to find the compassion for others that we want them to have for us." 
How to talk to veterans about the war:  #VeteransDay
"War does not have one simple, neat truth." Why veterans miss war:  #VeteransDay
"I wanted people to ask about my experiences, and the only question I got was: Did you shoot anybody?"  #VeteransDay
Is this the dance troupe of the future? 
"Much is to be gained by eBooks, but something is definitely lost: a sensual experience, a little bit of humanity." 
Why do we talk about sex with baseball terminology? Let's try this metaphor instead: 
The coming crisis in antibiotics -- and what we can do about it: 
"We need to radically rethink our view of intelligence." How schools kill creativity: 
"Creativity grows out of everyday experiences." 4 lessons in creativity: 
"Our basic freedoms are not a partisan issue. It's up to all of us to protect them." - Edward Snowden  #NetNeutrality
"We must protest and make sure that the web is opened up where there is censorship." - Tim Berners-Lee #NetNeutrality 
5 signs that math education is failing: 
"Math makes sense of the world. It's the vocabulary for your own intuition." 
"To people who have enjoyed a free &amp; open Internet, it's up to us to preserve that liberty for the next generation." 
"The extent to which you have a design style is the extent to which you have not solved the design problem." 
"Very, very small changes can have disproportionately huge effects." Why you should sweat the small stuff: 
If your career truly sparked your passion and used your talent fully, what would you be doing? 
"Creativity is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status." 
"We stigmatize mistakes, and the result is that we educate people out of their creative capacities." 
"Self-discipline is like a muscle; the more you exercise it, the stronger it gets." 
"As it turns out, there is an algorithm for love. It's just not the ones that we're being presented with online." 
Explore the last 30 years of tech -- with an audacious prediction about what's coming next: 
Watch the first female on @RollingStone's "guitar god" list play her breakout single: 
"Human relationships are rich and messy and demanding, and we clean them up with technology." Why that's a problem: 
These artists paint neighborhoods to give them new life. Hear their funny, inspiring story:  
"We are designing technology that will give us the illusion of companionship without the demands of friendship." 
The hunt for a supermassive black hole:  
"Stop this notion that you need to plan everything, and focus on being connected, always learning, fully present." 
"Robots are becoming a really interesting new scientific tool to understand human behavior." Here's how: 
"A world without love is a deadly place." Why we love, and why we cheat: 
"At work, we're often so busy 'communicating' that we don't have time to think." 
The fastest way to fight prejudice? It starts with you: 
Here's a scary question: How much data does the Internet have about you? 
4 big ideas on how to solve seemingly impossible problems:  via @TEDRadioHour
"We think the things we make can solve our problems, but our problems are much more complex than that." 
"If we don't teach our children to be alone, they will only know how to be lonely." 
"The moment we're living through is the largest increase in expressive capability in human history." 
"Education is what people do to you, and learning is what you do to yourself." 
"A human being can never be broken. Technology is broken. Technology is inadequate." 
"Romantic love is not an emotion; it's a drive. It comes from the wanting part of the mind, the craving part." 
The plot of #Interstellar in 10 TED Talks: 
How do you explain consciousness? 3 provocative ways to think about the movie in your mind: 
"We have a society that is paralyzed by fear. And in that paralysis, our capacity for compassion is also paralyzed." 
10 #TEDTalks on how to take charge of your healthcare: 
5 #TEDTalks to kickstart your creativity: 
Stunning photos from an art funhouse the size of three islands:  
Remember back in the day when you did one thing at a time? You should try that again. 
The clues to a great story, from one of the minds behind Toy Story 4: 
"Understanding consciousness is key to understanding the universe and ourselves. It may take the right crazy idea." 
"With the right design, sustainability is nothing but the rigorous use of common sense." 
"You need to find the right question. There is nothing worse than answering the wrong question well." 
"The way we expect the world to be changes the way we see it." 
@craigmod Classics: Brene Brown, Ken Robinson &amp; Andrew Solomon; try Ron Finley  &amp; Clint Smith 
@craigmod So many favorites. @edyong209's delivery is wonderful  Carmen Deedy is a pistol 
Optimism can make you happier and more successful. Here's why: 
"We are stewards of a planet with 50 million centuries ahead of it. Let's not jeopardize that future." 
How color-coding a tumor can help doctors treat cancer much more effectively: 
What causes autism? The complicated answer to that question -- and what we still don't know: 
Why truly innovative science demands a leap into the unknown: 
"Thinking about death clarifies your life." How one artist helps you do that:  
How should we talk about mental health? Thoughtful ideas from experts: 
"Imagine a world where we use our best talents to accomplish greater things together than we could on our own." 
How we can see each others' best qualities and bring them out: 
4 creative mistakes that led to major inventions: 
"If you're feeling fear and despair, your mind narrows down to very safe and conservative ways of thinking." 
"Opportunity-makers seek people unlike them. They're not affronted by differences, they're fascinated by them." 
The art of stillness in the Japanese wilderness:  
"Art can remake one's identity and transform preconceptions." 
"If we're trying to develop therapies for prevention, maybe we should be studying those who don't get sick." 
"In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever to remember that life is brief and tender." 
"Good fiction is written by people who've read a lot of fiction." - William Gibson  #NaNoWriMo
7 secrets to learning a new language: 
"Claim your experience, but don't let it claim you." Why we shouldn't define ourselves by our wounds: 
"Reality changes words far more than words can ever change reality." 
"There's no escaping the tragedy of life, which is that we are all aging from the day we are born."  #BeingMortal
Is the obesity crisis hiding a bigger problem? 
The sound the universe makes: 
"It's the rest in a piece of music that gives it resonance and shape." A lovely excerpt from The Art of Stillness: 
"Making a living and making a life sometimes point in opposite directions." Our latest from @TEDBooks: 
"In an age of constant movement, nothing is more urgent than sitting still." Our latest from @TEDBooks: 
What's a snollygoster? A short lesson in political speak:  #Election2014
Why do Americans vote on Tuesdays? The rather perplexing answer:  #Election2014
"It's precisely those who are busiest who most need to give themselves a break." Why we need a secular sabbath: 
"Death is not a failure. Death is normal; it is the natural order of things."  #BeingMortal
Does racism affect how you vote? @NateSilver538 uses stats to uncover a fascinating insight:  #Election2014
"Democracy is the only game in town. The problem is that many people start to believe it's not a game worth playing." 
"No one can tell us what our experience means. We have to decide what it means." 
"Current politics serves us a mountain of bureaucratic jargon." How we can fix that: 
"If you raise your level of positivity, then your brain performs significantly better." 
How to spot a liar with tell-tale verbal clues:  via @TED_ED
"Making your ideas accessible is not the same as dumbing it down." How to communicate more effectively: 
How to prepare for a good end of life: 
"We desperately need great communication from our scientists and engineers in order to change the world." 
Powerful portraits of ordinary people in the Ukrainian revolution:  
"There has been a fundamental shift in the balance of power in the world." What new power looks like: 
"Will the next Uber be co-owned by Uber drivers?" A bold argument for a new kind of power: 
"I don't want to live in a world where knowledge is obsolete." Why it's still important to memorize facts: 
The career advice you probably didn't get: 
Want a top leadership position? The surprising advice you need: 
6 studies on how money affects the mind: 
How people make choices in different parts of the world: 
Modern politics turn you off? 8 #TEDTalks to restore your faith in politics: 
What it's like to grow old in different parts of the world: 
How people around the world celebrate their dead, in honor of Dia de los Muertos:  
No more needles? 7 ways scientists are reinventing shots: 
Why are bees dying, and what can we do to save them? 3 experts discuss:  
"Trust requires an intelligent judgement." How to be smart about who you trust: 
Have six minutes to spare? Plenty of time to learn 40 Chinese characters:  
"Fear is an amazing act of the imagination, as profound and insightful as storytelling itself." 
Happy Halloween! 10 spooky, creepy #TEDTalks to freak you out: 
"I really believe that the secret of everlasting youth lies within the bat genome."  
"The problem with stereotypes is not that they are untrue, but that they are incomplete." 
What fear can teach us: 
Did life on Earth start with a comet crashing into our planet?  (via @TED_ED)
"A good reader has an artist's passion, but just as importantly, the coolness of judgment of a scientist." 
"Stories matter. Stories can break the dignity of a people, but stories can also repair that broken dignity." 
Refugees spend an average of 17 years in exile. Powerful stories of lives in limbo:  
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why:  
"The brain abhors a vacuum." How our memories fill in missing details -- and often get them wrong: 
Is cable news freaking you out? A better source of Ebola information: 
Need a last-minute #Halloween costume idea? Be a TED speaker! Here's how:  
How did the modern vampire come to be? It's a pretty creepy story:  #Halloween
Stunning photos that give voice to the animal kingdom: 
The unexpected math behind Van Gogh's "Starry Night":  (via @TED_ED) 
"If we don't expect more from each other, hope better for one another, and recover from hurt, we are surely doomed." 
How America's justice system failed our children: 
"Human beings are works in progress that mistakenly think they're finished." 
Why aren't we more compassionate? A thought-provoking answer: 
What makes you feel good about your work? The scientific answer: 
"Our brains evolved for a very different world." Why we make bad decisions: 
The two mistakes we all make when we try to make a decision: 
"Our default wiring is to help. The question is, why don't we?" A fascinating talk on compassion: 
Why hard work is more satisfying: 
"We're hurrying through our lives. We're living the fast life, instead of the good life." 
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
"We live in a world stuck in fast-forward." Why we need to slow down: 
Skip cable news: A better source of Ebola information 
How the languages we speak can affect the way we think: 
20 Most Popular TED Talks of All Time: 
Ever think your memory is a mysterious, fickle beast? 7 #TEDTalks on how memory works: 
Why you never have to stop loving LEGO, no matter your age:  
"The laws are ours, and no matter what your ethnicity, nationality, gender, race, they belong to us." 
Neil Gaiman reimagines Hansel &amp; Gretel in a haunting story with an unexpected inspiration:  
How Facebook designed the "like" button, and why such tiny details matter: 
"The media have to decide: Do they see their role as being to inflame or to inform?" 
Great science fiction writers don't just imagine the future, they shape it: 
"The most fantastic thing about the present time is that we're actually still here." A Q&amp;A with William Gibson: 
"To the extent that we're able to navigate into the future at all, we have to have an understanding of the past." 
How the languages we speak affect the way we think: 
Is math discovered or invented? A thought-provoking answer from @TED_ED: 
"Good fiction is written by people who've read a lot of fiction." - William Gibson 
"If a picture is worth a thousand words, then a picture of a face needs a whole new vocabulary." 
"Society decides when we are old. But we all feel younger than our real ages." 
How does your memory work? 7 #TEDTalks explain: 
16 #TEDTalks with smart work advice: 
"If you censor one journalist, it intimidates others, and soon nations are silenced." 
"We have made remarkable progress in the last 100 years, but our future is in space." - Stephen Hawking 
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and to trust." 
"We need to be the voice to the voiceless and use the law to protect all of us." 
This inspiring human rights lawyer protects people in countries where the law is often ignored. Hear her story: 
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
If you have ever suffered from depression or known someone who has, this is a must watch: 
"It's all the unanswered questions that make mathematics a living subject." The fascinating riddle of symmetry: 
"You don't need to be brilliant to be wise. But without wisdom, brilliance isn't enough." 
"Joy is so important to your health." Why healthy behaviors won't stick unless there's some joy in them: 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
"Leadership is a choice; it is not a rank." 
"In my view, color blindness is very dangerous because it means we're avoiding the problem." 
Need a refresher on ISIS? Here's what you need to know: 
"My parents didn't believe in 'can't.' My father's mantra was, 'You can do it, yes you can can.'" 
How cultures around the world think about choice: 
"It's time for us to be comfortable with the uncomfortable conversation about race." 
Should we donate money directly to the poor? A convincing case that yes, we should: 
Want to learn how to give a great talk? @TEDChris is writing the official TED guide to public speaking: 
"We stigmatize mistakes, and the result is that we are educating people out of their creative capacities." 
"There is always somebody who wants to confiscate our humanity. If we live out loud, we can trounce the hatred." 
"The problem and the beauty of hackers: They just can't see something broken in the world and leave it be." 
This is what your brain was doing while you were sleeping: 
"Abolish all doubt and what's left is not faith, but absolute heartless conviction." 
"When we dare to create conflict, we enable ourselves and the people around us to do our very best thinking." 
Need a confidence boost? Try power posing: 
Need a confidence boost? Try power posing: 
What would happen if you followed every single piece of health advice you heard? This guy tried it: 
"We cannot bear a pointless torment, but we can endure great pain if we believe that it's purposeful." 
"You can find the strange in the familiar, as long as you're willing to look beyond what's been brought to light." 
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
"Every time you tell yourself a good vs evil story, you're basically lowering your IQ." 
Confused by commas? A clever way to remember when you need a comma:  via @TED_ED
"Listen to understand. By just being there, you may be the turning point they need." 
"When a leader makes the choice to put others first, remarkable things happen." 
"One of the problems with school math is it doesn't look at how math is embedded in the world we live in." 
"As teachers, we should strive to be the ordinary heroes, the moral exemplars, to the people we mentor." 
"It takes lots of experience to learn how to care for people."  
Stunning photos show the power of water and how it shapes our world:  
Check out @TED_ED's new interactive periodic table! It's seriously addictive...  
These families are just like yours - with one important difference:  
7 #TEDTalks with promising ideas to find a cure for breast cancer: 
Want to be a better writer? 4 @TED_ED lessons on grammar and word choice: 
"Leaders hold a position of power or authority, but those who lead inspire us." 
"If I want to paint your portrait, I'm painting it on you - physically on you."  
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." 
Ever started to like a song after hearing it millions of times? Why we love repetition in music:  via @TED_ED
"When you give people a sense of hope, you begin to thaw that absolute sense of impossibility." 
"A society in which people can be monitored at all times breeds conformity and obedience and submission." 
"If we truly believe in equal rights and equal opportunity in America, we must have real conversations about race." 
How your body language shapes who you are: 
"Not investing in refugees is a huge missed opportunity. The victims of war can hold the keys to lasting peace." 
13 brilliant teens who will give you hope for the future: 
19 photos of human ingenuity at its finest:  
Think you have nothing to hide? @ggreenwald dares you to email him your passwords: 
"We have sold ourselves into a fast food model of education, and it's impoverishing our spirit." 
The hidden force in global economics is something rather unexpected: Love.  
"We don't grow into creativity, we grow out of it. Or rather, we get educated out if it." 
"The reality is, hackers can do a lot more than break things. They can bring people together." 
"The gay rights movement asks us to support justice and equality from a space of love." 
"Education, in a way, dislocates many people from their natural talents." 
Congratulations! You made it to lunch. Recharge with these fun talks: 
How scientists discovered the periodic table and revolutionized chemistry:  via @TED_ED
How do we stop the spread of Ebola? Smart ideas from someone who's done it before: 
This incredible talk got the longest standing ovation in TED's history: 
"Four hours of uninterrupted time is the best gift you can give anybody at work." 
Let's help refugees thrive, not just survive:  #Syria 
Striking photos of creative homes in unexpected places:  
"When we allow a society with constant monitoring, we allow the essence of human freedom to be severely crippled." 
Powerful photos of modern slavery - and human survival:  
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original." 
"Sleep may actually be a kind of elegant design solution to some of the brain's most basic needs." 
"We have to be prepared to change our minds." Why the best thinking partners will try to prove you wrong: 
"Facts are vulnerable to misuse." How critical thinking can help us make sense of big data: 
"We have a public health information crisis, and uninformed journalists." Where to learn the facts about Ebola: 
How should we fight Ebola and other health crises? Ask Cuban doctors: 
@_ExpressYrself We just thought it was interesting to see what/how people used to learn then vs now. Just meant as a fun activity! :)
How the worst moments in our lives make us who we are: 
"We're told that we should all be leaders, but if you really care about a movement, have the courage to follow." 
Think mass surveillance isn't a problem because you're not doing anything wrong? Think again. 
One more reason to get a good night's sleep: 
Can you finish this quote? "The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, / but in ourselves, that we are..." 
"The quantum universe is far stranger than Einstein wanted to believe." His last great contribution to physics: 
"Fundamentalism isn't faith; it's fanatacism. We have to stop confusing the two." 
"We need a diversity of affection and diversity of family in order to strengthen the ecosphere of kindness." 
"Let's make sure our ideas of success are our own, that we are truly the authors of our own ambitions." 
"Data doesn't create meaning; we do." Why critical thinking skills are now more important than ever before: 
Want to know what's going on with #Ebola? A more reliable source of information: 
"The truth won't set us free until we develop the skills and the moral courage to use it." 
"All kids have tremendous talents. And we squander them, pretty ruthlessly." 
"Great leaders are not head-down. They see around corners, shaping their future, not just reacting to it." 
"Despair is self-fulfilling. If we call something impossible, we act in such a way that makes it so." 
"Listen to understand. By just being there, you may be the turning point they need." 
Are millennials the next greatest generation? 6 thoughtful answers on @TEDRadioHour: 
“Access to information is a critical currency of power.” 
A beautiful story of a father and daughter learning to communicate after a severe stroke:  
"People don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it." 
Are you smarter than a 19th century 5th grader? Try this quiz and find out: 
"Creativity is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status." 
“A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.” 
"When we face hard choices, we become the authors of our own lives." 
"Art can remake one's identity and transform preconceptions." 
"Self-discipline is like a muscle; the more you exercise it, the stronger it gets." 
Skip cable news: A better source of Ebola information  @Eboladeeply
"We can do more than simply helping refugees survive. We can help them thrive."  
Ever play follow the leader with an octopus? The charming story of a deep-sea friendship:  
Fascinating stories from a space mission to explore Saturn:  
"Catching cancer early is the closest thing we have to a silver bullet cure against it." 
"Education allows refugee children to think of their future. Of hope, rather than hatred."  
9 #TEDTalks on what's wrong with what we eat:  #WorldFoodDay
10 weird facts about orgasm, from obscure scientific research: 
"We cannot lose the war against cancer. It not only costs us billions of dollars, but it costs us people we love." 
"Are our brains so versatile and expandable that we can train ourselves to break out of the box of our evolution?" 
What will the future look like? 7 bold predictions:  (via @TEDRadioHour)
This new test can detect cancer before you show any symptoms. Watch the first live demo:  
10 thought-provoking #TEDTalks by writers: 
5 must-reads about sports history and science, chosen by @DavidEpstein: 
"Did I flirt with this poem in a coffee shop somewhere?" The strange story of the Museum of Four in the Morning: 
The funny and fascinating story of the earliest computers: 
"This is the gay agenda: equality. Not special rights, but the rights that were already written." 
"All our memories are reconstructed memories. They're malleable." 
"There's plenty of room for moral passion once we've got the facts." 
Want your local politicians to listen to you? This former mayor shares what works: 
Why thinking you're ugly is bad for you: 
How to create a mini-forest in your own backyard to do your part for a greener planet: 
One more reason to get a good night's sleep: 
Way more than you learned in school about animals having sex: 
"Step inside of the tiny, little world of somebody else." A radical experiment in empathy: 
How does perfume smell so enchanting? The science of scent: 
"The brain abhors a vacuum." How our memories fill in missing details — and often get them wrong: 
Are feelings of sadness useful? A brief history of melancholy:  (via @TED_ED)
"We're all responsible for not just the intended effects of our ideas, but for their likely misuses." 
"Diets may seem harmless, but they actually do a lot of collateral damage." Why dieting doesn't work: 
Why we should focus on sustaining success instead of just achieving it: 
"You don't need charisma to become a leader. Being a leader gives you charisma." 
"Visionaries not only believe that the impossible can be done, but that it must be done." 
"The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult, but rather better adults than you have been." 
"We're all going to die -- and poems can help us live with that." A love letter to poetry: 
"No one loses their inner demons by taking to the road." 
Does learning about science spoil the magic and wonder of our world? @robinince says absolutely not: 
Think you have nothing to hide? Then take @ggreenwald's privacy challenge: 
"The cause of our time is the brutality that so many people face around the world because of their gender." 
"The history of science has been one long series of violent brainstorms." 
4 truths about parenting that no one wants to admit: 
"LEGO took the concrete block—the building block of the world—and made it into the building block of imagination." 
"Your brain works like a thermostat to keep your weight stable." Why it's so hard to lose weight and keep it off: 
10 thoughtful #TEDTalks on why and how we love: 
"Language allows you to implant a thought from your mind into someone else's mind." How it transformed humanity: 
This bizarre story of a WWII weapon will change the way you think about drones: 
"We focus on the pursuit of happiness as though it's an object we have to go out and get." Why that's a problem: 
"Numbers are the musical notes with which the symphony of the universe is written." 
“Only in a realm of privacy does creativity and exploration and real dissent reside.” - Glenn Greenwald 
"Where do babies come from?" Comedian @JuliaSweeney answers the dreaded question: 
A simple way to eat less meat -- and why it's worth a try: 
"Heart disease kills more women at all ages than breast cancer." Why women's heart attacks often go untreated: 
How playing an instrument benefits your brain:  (via @TED_ED)
"We don't have to give up our privacy to have good government, or our liberty to have security." - Edward Snowden 
That's a wrap, folks! Thanks for an amazing week at #TEDGlobal in Rio de Janeiro! Watch for the talks online :) 
“A society in which people can be monitored at all times breeds compliance.” Why privacy matters:  #TEDGlobal
"We humans have extraordinary potential for goodness, but also immense power to do harm." @MatthieuRicard #TEDGlobal 
“The cycle of anxiety keeps the outbreak spreading.” What it will take to stop the Ebola epidemic:  #TEDGlobal
4 TED Talks on the importance of educating girls:  #MalalaYousafzai #NobelPeacePrize
What Fabien Cousteau discovered living at the bottom of the ocean for 31 days:  #TEDGlobal 
“Antarctica is a moral line in the snow. We have a chance to leave one place alone.” Robert Swan, explorer #TEDGlobal 
“We need to be the voice to the voiceless and use the law to protect all of us.” - Kimberley Motley, human rights lawyer #TEDGlobal
"Boundaries we hold dear aren't respected by infectious diseases. Ebola is a challenge for our common humanity." Chikwe Ihekweazu #TEDGlobal
“Africa’s reality must be represented by Africans.” - Omoyele Sowore, Nigerian journalist  #TEDGlobal
"When Malala was shot, I thought, 'Pakistan won’t survive.' She’s showing the Taliban what a real leader is." 
"Why is my daughter so strong? Because I didn't clip her wings." - Malala's father  #NobelPeacePrize
How embroidery is helping women in Pakistan stand up to honor killings &amp; inequality  #TEDGlobal 
"If you are giving back, you took too much." - Ricardo Semler, on wealth and charity #TEDGlobal
"You need to find the right question. There is nothing worse than answering the wrong question well." - Alejandro Aravena #TEDGlobal
"With the right design, sustainability is nothing but the rigorous use of common sense." Alejandro Aravena #TEDGlobal 
This castle is etched on a single grain of sand. @VikMuniz #TEDGlobal 
Two #TEDGlobal-inspired manioc recipes from Brazil:  
“The only way to sustain prosperity &amp; growth in the West is if we learn to do more with less.” @NaviRadjou, on frugal innovation #TEDGlobal
@eduthusiasm It will be one of the largest, most powerful telescopes ever created and it'll have 5-10 times more light-gathering ability.
"This telescope will allow us to witness the first galaxies ever to form." - Wendy Freedman #TEDGlobal 
What does progress mean to you? Tell us and your answer might be read from the #TEDGlobal stage!
@rosamariafelip We're having some problems with the Internet connection today so there are a few livestream issues. We're working on it! :)
@ghostisic He just gave the talk today so our video editors are still working on it, but we'll be posting it soon!
Can you find Indonesia on a map? It's the world's 4th most populous country &amp; most people can't find it. #TEDGlobal 
Stunning photos of cultures around the world:  @Jimmy_P_Nelson #TEDGlobal 
@ghostisic The blood samples are inside the machine which is hooked up to the iPhone that evaluates the sample &amp; displays the result.
“We cannot lose the war against cancer. It not only costs us billions of dollars; it costs us the people we love.” @SotoMJorge #TEDGlobal
This blood test catches 4 kinds of cancer much earlier than traditional screening. First demo today at #TEDGlobal! 
12 #TEDTalks by Nobel Prize winners: 
“GDP measures economies; it's not a way to measure the quality of our lives.” A new social progress index:  #TEDGlobal
“No person who is fleeing war should ever face a closed border.” - @melissarfleming #TEDGlobal 
“Today’s drug policies cause much more harm than drug use. The war on drugs has simply failed.” - Ilona Szabó de Carvalho #TEDGlobal
“The future is not fate; it’s the consequence of the choices we make day to day.” - Tasso Azevedo #TEDGlobal
Our first talk from #TEDGlobal is up on  How to upgrade democracy for the Internet era: 
We just created the first brain-to-brain interface that allows two animals to exchange mental messages, says Miguel Nicolelis #TEDGlobal
A monkey controls a robot with its thoughts (seriously). Watch the talk:  #TEDGlobal
Chilean singer @anatijoux performing at #TEDGlobal now. She's singing "Somos Sur," listen here: 
Information poverty is more prevalent around the world than information overload, says @syedkarim #TEDGlobal 
“To step away from the world isn’t to draw back; it’s actually a way to tune in.” – Pico Iyer, on stillness #TEDGlobal
“We are all trying to be good multitaskers — it’s good for nothing.” Matthieu Ricard, on the value of stillness #TEDGlobal
“We put all our hopes and fears outside ourselves, but our minds can be our best friend or our worst enemy.” – Matthieu Ricard #TEDGlobal
“Stillness is the only thing that makes sense of travel.” – Pico Iyer #TEDGlobal
A street that runs through a Brazilian favela, painted in the style of a Japanese river. @favelapainting #TEDGlobal 
“Stories put empathy back into the equation. They create real connections beyond the rhetoric.” - Joanna Wheeler #TEDGlobal
"There's nothing inevitable about lethal violence, and we can make our cities safer." - Robert Muggah #TEDGlobal
Cuban singer @DanaySuarez's beautiful new song, performed yesterday at #TEDGlobal. Check it out! 
@pullipuli @_Videre That's odd, it's working for us...maybe reload?
With hidden cameras, @_Videre is exposing human rights violations. Learn more:  #TEDGlobal 
“The most effective way to create social change is to work within the communities themselves.” - Oren Yakobovich #TEDGlobal
For stories of Syrians responding to ISIS with nonviolence, @doreenkhoury recommends:  #TEDGlobal
“There's so much attention on those who join ISIS, but so little attention on those committed to nonviolence.” @doreenkhoury #TEDGlobal
“If we want international peacebuilding to work, conflicts must be resolved from the bottom up.” - Severine Autesserre #TEDGlobal
"Our health and our survival are closely linked to the health and resilience of our ecosystem." - Ameenah Gurib-Fakim #TEDGlobal
“Biodiversity underpins all life on earth, and yet we keep destroying it.” - Ameenah Gurib-Fakim #TEDGlobal 
New thoughts on capital in the 21st century, from bestselling author Thomas Piketty: 
"Whatever you do affects me, whatever I do affects you. We have to take care of each other." - @yawanawa #TEDGlobal 
"You can take away my passport, but you can't take away my experience. That's within me." - @taiyeselasi, on identity #TEDGlobal
“What if we asked, instead of where you’re from, tell me where you’re a local?” - Taiye Selasi, on identity #TEDGlobal
"We need to turn our backs on the failed prohibition policies of the past and embrace new drug policies." - @ethannadelmann #TEDGlobal
"Why some drugs are legal &amp; others aren't has almost nothing to do w/ safety &amp; everything to do w/ who uses them" @ethannadelmann #TEDGlobal
@HelenWalters We miss you!!!
“We need to build an Internet where privacy is no longer just an option, but the default.” - Andy Yen #TEDGlobal
“The test of a society’s freedom is not how it treats its good, obedient citizens; it’s how it treats dissidents.” - @ggreenwald #TEDGlobal
“A society in which people can be monitored at all times is a society that breeds compliance.” - Glenn Greenwald #TEDGlobal
Buugeng juggler @G_Ollitta has a unique, hypnotic style. Watch the viral video that led us to him:  #TEDGlobal
“We need a participation revolution, and we need it fast.” - Alessandra Orofino, on the problem of civic disengagement #TEDGlobal
“Social change is not going to come from just knowing more information, but from doing something with it.” - Pia Mancini #TEDGlobal
“Changing minds is the bedrock of changing politics over the long term.” - Zeynep Tufekci #TEDGlobal
“Protests today overlook the value of slow and sustained; the effort it took to organize the civil rights mvmnt.” -Zeynep Tufekci #TEDGlobal
“We define significance. We’re the ones who draw the line between the sacred and the trivial." - Andrés Ruzo #TEDGlobal
"Discoveries are not just made in the black void of the unknown, but in the white noise of overhwheming data." - Andrés Ruzo #TEDGlobal
"Before you were a guerrilla, you were my child." A powerful project to bring peace to Colombia:  #TEDGlobal
What's it like to be a female gamer? A competitive Super Smash Bros Melee player explains: 
“The world doesn’t have to be about ppl shouting at each other, divided. It could be about listening, acting together.” @TEDChris #TEDGlobal
“Your overnight success story is always a result of everything you’ve done in your life until that moment.” - @belpesce #TEDGlobal
“We have a responsibility to think about the outcomes of the technologies we build.” - Jon Gosier #TEDGlobal
“Segregation is a social construct. It’s something we choose to do, and we can choose not to do it.” – Dave Troy #TEDGlobal
Stunning behind-the-scenes photos from #TEDGlobal in Rio de Janeiro!  
Thomas Piketty on why wealth grows faster than the economy, and what this means for our future: 
Brazil's elections left tons of paper waste, so @TEDFellow Mundano turned it into art:  
@Tigersharke Definitely not. Sangu's work is about encouraging substantive job creation in Africa. Much more on this topic coming this week.
“Donations of sheep weren't in the Marshall Plan to revitalize war torn Europe...it’s not the answer for Africa.” - @SanguDelle #TEDGlobal
This invasive golden mussel is trying to take over the Amazon:  #TEDGlobal #TEDFellow 
"We're fully protecting less than 1% of our oceans." -Alasdair Harris, on new solutions from @BlueVentures #TEDGlobal 
“Art can make people see the invisible superheroes of society.” - Mundano, @TEDFellow and street artist #TEDGlobal 
Where does creativity come from? 4 thoughtful answers on @TEDRadioHour: 
"Authority is not enough to make people your partners.” Why great leaders give up control and collaborate: 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think: 
"The world has changed from analog to digital." Why it's time to teach statistics in high school: 
"Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith." - Steve Jobs 
These quirky talks remind us that life is funny, weird, sweet, absurd: 
Why great design requires both audacity and humility: 
"If you weed out all the error-prone health professionals, there won't be anybody left." 
"Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice." - Steve Jobs 
"Understanding, to me, does not remove the wonder and the joy of science." 
"The first principle of aid is respect." 
"The Beatles did not invent teenagers. They merely decided to lead them." 
Is this the computer of the future? Check out this incredibly cool demonstration: 
We have a whole new appreciation for insects after this talk: 
"The problem with thinking of love as binary is that it causes us to be unduly concerned that love is inadequate." 
Everything fun that was missing from your high school math class, from origami to R&amp;B: 
"Monkey see, monkey mostly cannot do." Are humans the only species that benefits from social learning? 
"My work is not meant to hide the scars of war, but to show the full frame of unseen stories." 
How drug cartels run surprisingly sophisticated business operations: 
"We are increasingly in a landscape where media is global, social, ubiquitous and cheap." Why that matters: 
@LittleMissBhave There are some upcoming @TEDx events in Europe! You can search for events near you here: 
@rosydaisies Hi Dorothy! It is sold out, but there are free livestreams all over Rio. More info here:  :)
Candid photos of Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, and other tech titans back in the early days:  
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
"The type of people who write an encyclopedia for fun tend to be pretty smart people." The birth of Wikipedia: 
Do you hoard trivia? These talks are for you: 
We just landed in Rio for #TEDGlobal! A first look at the theater... 
"We know these characters aren't real, but we have real feelings about them." 
@SheQuotes @sandra_aamodt You've chosen so many great quotes from women at #TEDGlobal! Thanks for sharing them :)
@marciogoncalves @TEDchris We're excited to be here!
The surprising thing robots can't do: 
"Don't look at the big, overwhelming issues of the world. Look in your own backyard. Look in your heart." 
Pianist Daria van den Bercken shares the reasoning behind her unusual choice of performance venues: 
10 research tips to find answers that elude you: 
9 spectacular spoken-word performances:  #NationalPoetryDay
"What brain imaging has delivered is this rich and interesting picture of the human mind." 
What needs to happen before a robot can do your chores: 
Two poems about what dogs think (probably):  #NationalPoetryDay
"We've lost the sense of what's actually happening in this world we've made." How algorithms shape our world: 
The strange history of a futuristic Soviet propaganda plane:  
"We're all going to die -- and poems can help us live with that." A love letter to poetry:  #NationalPoetryDay
"You cannot ask somebody to be creative in 15 minutes." How constant meetings are killing your creativity: 
Why you will fail to have a great career: 
"Poetry isn't one thing that serves one purpose. It's a way of making patterns that put emotions into words." 
10 #TEDTalks by women that everyone should watch: 
What happens when you remove the hippocampus? You lose one very important brain function (via @TED_ED): 
"Big problems need big solutions, sparked by imagination and audacity, but also solutions that work." 
16 articles on the power and purpose of sleep, chosen by @AriannaHuff: 
Did you know that many of the doctors working to fight Ebola come from Cuba? Here's why: 
"Passion is what will help you create the highest expression of your talent." 
"Meetings and managers are two major problems in businesses today." Why we should get rid of them: 
"When adults believe in children and say, 'You can,' then they will." 
"Listening is what people who tell stories do first." 
"It's not so difficult to convince someone to betray others." The dark secrets of a surveillance state: 
"Humanity is capable of extraordinary progress if it really acts together." 
"The things you imagine, sitting in the library, are not how you find them when you actually go out into the world." 
"Art and design are not luxuries, nor somehow incompatible with science and engineering." Why we need both: 
"One of the simplest facts in business is something we often neglect: We're all human." 
Breathtaking photos of our impact on the Earth:  
"When we are anxious over choices, we easily give our power of choice away." 
Why do we like an original painting better than a perfect copy? A look at the origins of pleasure: 
What do teens really want to know about sex? A teacher answers their anonymous questions: 
"I believe that access to adequate sanitation is a basic human right." A new way to make it possible: 
“Nothing replaces the loss of a son, not even another son.” Powerful portraits of loss:  
"Very, very small changes can have disproportionately huge effects." Why you should sweat the small stuff: 
Why the military changed its attitude from 'knowledge is power' to 'sharing is power': 
"Our responsibility is not simply shielding those we care for from adversity, but preparing them to meet it well." 
What the quest to create humanoid robots teaches us about our own social behavior: 
Are you someone who hoards trivia? These talks are for you: 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
How a silly meme can make real change in the world: 
How mushrooms can help us solve the energy crisis, fight nasty viruses, and more: 
"The ocean is resilient and tolerant to a point, but we must be good custodians." 
“Altogether, living and working conditions account for 60% of preventable death.” 
"It is a mistake to assume that everyone thrives under the pressure of choosing alone." On choice around the world: 
Watch what happens inside the brain during musical improvisation: 
"A better way to mutual respect is to engage directly with the moral convictions citizens bring to public life." 
5 dangerous things you should let your kids do: 
These next-generation apartments will give you serious real estate envy: 
Our changing notions of privacy, this weekend on the @TEDRadioHour: 
"No single narrative serves the needs of everyone everywhere." 
"Envision a world where misdeeds and mistakes don't define you. We can create that reality." 
"The next time you're faced with something unexpected, unwanted and uncertain, consider that it may be a gift." 
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse:  
"This is a cancer at the core of evidence-based medicine." What doctors don't know about the drugs they prescribe: 
"We're poisoning ourselves, our water, our air — and taking down many species with us."  
Photos of the world's oldest living things:  
How emergency care workers answer the question: 'Am I dying?' 
A great memory is not a gift -- it's learned. Here's a simple way to improve your memory: 
"If you make the effort to do the best of which you're capable, that's success. I don't think others can judge that." 
10 things you didn't know about orgasm: 
"You shouldn't define people by their maddest edges." 
How do you solve a problem like the climate crisis? Bold ideas from TED speakers: 
"We cut our children off from valuable opportunities to learn how to interact with the world around them." 
"The gray areas are where you find the complexity, the humanity, and the truth." 
What will the future look like? 14 #TEDTalks with bold visions: 
"It's a lot harder to convince people you're sane than to convince people you're crazy." 
"It's the littlest things you brought into the world that give you peace in your final moments." 
8 #TEDTalks on how we make choices: 
"Numbers are the musical notes with which the symphony of the universe is written." 
"The mosquito has killed more humans than any other creature in human history." 
"I became a witness with a choice: to run away or stand still." 
"One can have so-called spiritual moments without belief in the spirit." 
These stunning high-speed clips explore the beautiful lives of nature's pollinators: 
"It is Western desire to consume that is the primary driver of international organized crime." 
"Panic is the great access of creativity because that's the only way to get rid of your mind." 
“If I want to paint your portrait, I’m painting it on you — physically on you."  
“Sitting has become the smoking of our generation.” 
"Visionaries not only believe that the impossible can be done, but that it must be done." 
"Learning has to include failure because failure is instructional in the process." 
"The only way this planet is going to deal with its global challenges is with the effective use of data." 
27 books to get you ready for #TEDGlobal, written by our amazing speakers: 
Somber photos of the American Storm Belt, wrecked by the financial crisis and major storms:  
7 impossibly dense (but really important) climate charts, explained:  #Climate2014 
@thomaSchulz @tamicann Yes you can! Some of the talks will appear on  and the others will be hosted online by IBM.
Stunning photos that show the effects of climate change:  #Climate2014 
"The blank page is a magic box. It needs to be filled with something fantastic." 
"No community is best-served when only the elite have control." 
9 important #TEDTalks about climate change:  #Climate2014
Business 101: A reading list for lifelong learners 
"We have to be responsible for setting and enforcing the boundaries that we want in our life.” 
"Every child deserves a champion." 8 #TEDTalks from inspiring teachers: 
"It is Western desire to consume that is the primary driver of international organized crime." 
"I was six when the Taliban took over Afghanistan and made it illegal for girls to go to school." 
"If we truly believe in equal rights and opportunity in America, we have to have real conversations about race." 
7 must-read books on work and productivity: 
"If an artwork is to touch someone, it must be the result of the artist’s thinking and struggles in life.” 
"We need leaders to step up." The state of the climate -- and what we might do about it: 
Can we create a more peaceful world? 9 #TEDTalks offer inspired ideas:  #PeaceDay
25 apps to make your everyday life easier: 
“Walk and talk. You'll be surprised at how fresh air drives fresh thinking.” 
"There are almost more taboos around parenting than there are around sex." Let's talk parenting taboos: 
"Infidelity doesn’t necessarily signal an unhappy relationship." 10 surprising facts about infidelity: 
Want better healthcare? Make sure your doctor is doing these six things: 
4 truths about parenting that no one wants to admit: 
"You can chase your dreams at any age; you're never too old." The inspiring story of @DianaNyad's 100-mile swim: 
Is it actually ironic? 3 @TED_Ed lessons on irony: 
How not to be ignorant about the world: 
4 animations that show what's really going on with our climate:  #PeoplesClimate 
“The most important quality of science or art is curiosity." 
7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health: 
"We're all on a one-way street, and what are we going to do to have no regrets looking back?" 
Powerful stories of transformation from @TEDRadioHour: 
"I want a book to be a secret door that opens and lets the stories out into reality." 
"Our younger generation is going to transform this country." How China's youth are calling for social justice: 
"We're trampling on this wonderful cosmos that shelters and houses us." 
These sea creatures are incredible (especially the camouflaged octopus that seems to appear out of nowhere): 
"How powerful would our world be if we had kids who were not afraid to take risks, who were not afraid to think?" 
How Twitter is changing the way we write fiction for the better: 
"Movements are made out of moments. This is the moment for the NFL to get it right."  #NFLdomesticviolence
"Your story is yours alone. Nobody can tell you that your personal experience is 'wrong' or discredit your feelings." 
10 math talks to blow your mind: 
How small countries can make a big impact, from First Minister Alex Salmond's talk at #TEDGlobal: 
What's it like to be a woman in competitive gaming? A female gamer explains: 
What if you could print your food with customized nutrition? How 3D printing could soon change your life: 
Need to recharge your brain? 6 #TEDTalks to watch on your lunch break: 
3 must-reads about the vote against Scottish independence:  #ScotlandDecides
"We need to know what surveillance the goverment is doing and debate it, or we can’t have a functioning democracy." 
"When you’re given a voice, you need to use it, and you need to use it responsibly." 
"Education is what people do to you, and learning is what you do to yourself." 
"I wouldn't wish this gift for you. I'm not sure you'd want it. But I wouldn't change my experience." 
Ever wonder where all the baby dinosaur bones are? 
"Soon my business really started to take off. Then one day, Forbes magazine contacted me. I was 10 years old." 
How humor can empower women to change the rules: 
"Our creativity comes from without, not from within." How creative thinkers steal their best ideas: 
Everything that was missing from your high school math class: 
A funny, fascinating talk on sex in the animal kingdom: 
"We’ve lived through it. Maybe we can be instruments of change." 
What ants can teach us about the brain, cancer and the Internet: 
"Real equality means creating a much wider range of equally respected choices for women and for men." 
"I want a book to be a secret door that opens and lets the stories out into reality." 
"We live in a world stuck in fast-forward." Why we need to slow down: 
"Art can remake one's identity and transform preconceptions." 
Is our universe the only universe? An exhilarating case for the multiverse: 
"The greater our proficiency, the more clearly we see that we don't know all we thought we did." 
"Mathematics is not just solving for x; it's also figuring out why." 
"Jealousy is exhausting. It's a hungry emotion. It must be fed." 
Your productivity reading list: 
"Where you come from now is much less important than where you're going." 
How to make your own happiness, no matter the circumstances: 
How a new generation of wider telescopes is changing the way we see the sky: 
“The circumstances of our lives matter less to our happiness than the sense of control we feel over our lives.” 
How a casino surveillance program represents the future of business: 
"Those who fail get another opportunity. We always get another opportunity." 
9 talks about the web's most mysterious figures—hackers: 
"'Olé!' to you, just for having the sheer human love and stubbornness to keep showing up." 
"Art is a deception that creates real emotions -- a lie that creates a truth." 
"Hard choices are precious opportunities to become the distinctive people that we are." 
If you're raised to believe in dogma and hate, can you choose peace? A terrorist's son shares his powerful story: 
"The media have to decide: Do they see their role as being to inflame or to inform?" 
"In health care we often treat symptoms without addressing the conditions that make you sick in the first place.” 
Want to love your job? 8 inspiring talks on how to be happy at work: 
A @NewYorker cartoon editor shares his all-time favorites: 
The real reason why humans have brains: 
“You don’t need to be brilliant to be wise. But without wisdom, brilliance isn’t enough.” 
Jaw-dropping footage of amazing sea creatures: 
"There's plenty of room for moral passion once we've got the facts." 
"Bionics are beginning to bridge the gap between human limitation and human potential." 
"Home, we know, is not just the place where you happen to be born. It's the place where you become yourself." 
"It's a terrible simplification that there's one Africa and things go on in one way in Africa. We have to stop that." 
"My prediction is that we’re going to ingest information. You’re going to swallow a pill and know Shakespeare." 
"My generation is focused on reclaiming the spaces we already have." 
9 TED talks about how we can achieve peace: 
"Positive findings are around twice as likely to be published as negative findings." 
"Each of us is more than the worst thing we've ever done." 
"All the tools are out there, and the only thing that limits us is our imagination." 
A charming story of an Arctic seal that fell in love with a photographer: 
This weekend on @TEDRadioHour, TED speakers explore how curiosity leads to unexpected places. Listen online: 
"Our creativity comes from without, not from within." 
"We in global society are never as different as appearances may suggest." 
"Meditation offers the opportunity to see that things aren't always as they appear." 
On #WhyIStayed and the Violence Against Women Act, 20 years later: 
"The person you are right now is as transient, as fleeting and as temporary as all the people you've ever been." 
"A lot of the time the question of parenthood is, what do we validate in our children, and what do we cure in them?" 
This man is the son of a terrorist. Here's how he chose peace: 
"Be brave. Be ironic, it helps. Be funny and create some magic." 
"Chasing meaning is better for your health than trying to avoid discomfort." 
What doctors don't know about the drugs they prescribe: 
Ken Robinson chooses his 10 favorite talks on education: 
Need a quick brain workout? 9 #TED Talks you can watch in 3 minutes or less: 
The world's greatest pickpocket shows the art of misdirection. Can you catch him in the act? 
"I hope that someone who is compelled to use violence may hear my story and realize that there is a better way." 
"We’ve lived through it. Maybe we can be instruments of change." 
"We thrive not when we have done it all, but when we still have more to do." 
"We need to turn our intuition into strength again." 
"When we are anxious over choices, we easily give our power of choice away." 
"Ask yourself, what are the stories that no one has an incentive to tell?" 
"Stories can punch holes in our mental walls." 
13 talks for fun fact collectors: 
Be better than Comic Sans. 
"I give decaf to customers who are rude to me," and other secrets: 
“Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage.” 
"Our control of the outer world is limited, temporary, and often, illusory." 
"Being bullied as a kid gave me empathy for the suffering of others." How one man chose tolerance over hate: 
The crazy (awesome) plan to turn an abandoned trolley terminal into an underground park below New York City: 
"Four hours of uninterrupted time is the best gift you can give anybody at work." 
"The pursuit of normality is the ultimate sacrifice of potential." 
"The two most powerful words when we're in struggle: me too." 
8 talks that speak to the experience of life behind bars: 
"When you give people a sense of hope, you begin to thaw that absolute sense of impossibility." 
As we expect more from technology, do we expect less from each other? 
"Reading and educating your emotions is one of the central activities of wisdom." 
"We thrive when we stay at our own leading edge." 
"Why did I stay? The answer is easy. I didn't know he was abusing me." #WhyIStayed 
"I stand here as proof that violence isn't inherent in one's religion or race." A powerful story of peace: 
"Home has less to do with a piece of soil than, you could say, with a piece of soul." 
How video games can make your brain smarter, better and faster: 
11 talks that are as smart as they are hilarious: 
"We don't take every opportunity to help because our focus is in the wrong direction." 
"I believe that self-mockery is one of the best means for a relationship to endure." 
"The greater our proficiency, the more clearly we see that we don't know all that we thought we did." 
"All kids have tremendous talents. And we squander them, pretty ruthlessly." 
"Teaching and learning should bring joy." 8 #TEDTalks from inspiring teachers: 
"Mastery is not a commitment to a goal, but to a constant pursuit." 
"To what extent do we self-construct, do we self-invent?" 
How to live passionately -- no matter your age: 
"Couchsurfing and crowdsurfing are the same thing. You're falling into the audience and you're trusting each other." 
"I'm not scared of being vulnerable; I don't see it as a weakness anymore." - @isabelallende 
11 talks to watch with the whole family: 
“Curiosity is the engine of achievement.” 
"Prisons can be more than a bucket for failed social policy." A bold vision to improve our prisons: 
"What, exactly, is imperfect about doubt?" 
"We're social animals, not rational animals. We emerge out of relationships." 
"The core aim of the Wikimedia Foundation is to get a free encyclopedia to every single person on the planet." 
9 beautiful spoken-word performances: 
What do you want to be remembered for at the end of your life? 
How Facebook designed the "like" button, and why such tiny details matter: 
"I believe that self-mockery is one of the best means for a relationship to endure." 
This weekend on @TEDRadioHour, our complicated relationship with animals. Listen online now: 
"‘Thank you for your service’ means acknowledging our stories. Asking us who we are." 
Learn how to balance power and partnership from those who lead silently: conductors! 
"The reality is, hackers can do a lot more than break things. They can bring people together." 
"We want to tell the story of the 'eureka!' moment. But a lot of important ideas have very long incubation periods." 
“A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.” 
"We need to learn to love the flawed, imperfect things that we create." 
"We have got to show our sons a new definition of manhood." 
Does money make you mean? The psychology of getting rich: 
The most common passwords people create, and how to make yours stronger: 
Are you tired of the word awesome? Here's a reason to buff your vocabulary: 
This weekend on @TEDRadioHour, our complicated relationship with animals. Listen online now: 
"We all tell ourselves the version of the story that we can best live with." 
"The mobile phone is an instrument of freedom and an instrument of oppression." 
Why you need people who are willing to challenge your ideas: 
"This is just a plumbing problem." How a boiler engineer repaired his own heart: 
7 deadly sins of speaking that we should all avoid: 
"It's a lot harder to convince people you're sane than to convince people you're crazy." 
11 #TEDTalks to change the way we parent: 
"Doing science feels glorious, vertiginous, impossibly grand — an adventure waiting to be written." 
"How we look, though it is superficial and immutable, has a huge impact on our lives." 
How to grow a mini-forest in your own backyard to do your part for a greener planet:  
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
Why we should treat violence like a contagious disease: 
"Numbers are the musical notes with which the symphony of the universe is written." 
"What I'm passionate about is the inextinguishable, undaunted appetite for learning and experience." 
"Be the first, because people will follow you. Be bold. Stand up. Be fearless." 
"There is zero correlation between IQ and emotional empathy. They're controlled by different parts of the brain." 
“I stand here as proof that a son does not have to follow the ways of his father.” A powerful story of choice: 
"We live in the post-sampling era. We take the things that we love and build on them." 
"Despair is self-fulfilling. If we call something impossible, we act in such a way that makes it so." 
A fascinating theory about why we developed brains: 
"We're all learning about the world even before we enter it." 
"Our default wiring is to help. But if we're focused on ourselves, we don't fully notice the other." 
"The classroom is crying out for a solution that is less one-size-fits-all." How to make it better for introverts: 
"The universe is a stick-and-bubble-gum contraption. It's not an elegant universe." 
A lively performance of mathematical magic tricks (the last trick is a truly impressive feat of mental math): 
Why aren't we more compassionate? A psychologist explains: 
Your sandwich is not awesome. This comedian wants you to dust off the rest of the adjectives: 
Why does the universe exist? A philosophical jaunt through the ultimate question: 
How heavy is air? A fun @TED_ED lesson on how air pressure works: 
Start your week off right with this uncommonly useful work advice:  #playlist
10 bold stories of adventure, courage and determination: 
How sliced bread caught on, and other stories about ideas that get people talking: 
"Our capacity to screw up is not some kind of embarrassing defect; it's fundamental to who we are." 
“The problem with stereotypes is not that they are untrue, but that they are incomplete." 
"Few people follow their dreams — not because it’s difficult, but because we avoid that sensation of uncertainty." 
7 talks that span the autism spectrum: 
"There is an algorithm for love. It's just not the ones that we're being presented with online." 
"The tyranny of the loud encourages the tyranny of the nasty." 
"Human beings are works in progress that mistakenly think they're finished." 
How much can children learn from the internet? Listen to the @TEDRadioHour online now: 
9 talks to continue the conversation about mental illness: 
“You’re imperfect, and you’re wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging.” 
How the teddy bear came to be, and why that strange story matters so much now: 
"Leaders hold a position of power or authority, but those who lead inspire us." 
"I teach high school math. I sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it." 
What do babies learn in the womb? Listen to the @TEDRadioHour online now: 
"If we lose ice, we stand to lose an entire ecosystem." 
"Why is my daughter so strong? Because I didn't clip her wings." A beautiful talk on empowering women: 
10 talks about co-existing peacefully with robots: 
We need to stop asking why victims of domestic violence don't leave: 
"The best time to work on your marriage is before you have one." 
"Are there dark, sinister parasites influencing our behavior?" 
Let's put the "awe" back in awesome: 
"What is good for us on a personal level is also what is best for the world." 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think: 
"Everything could change for any of us in an instant. People don't realize that; I certainly didn't." 
"Poetry is a way of making patterns that put emotions into words." 
"Stories punch holes in our mental walls. We can get a glimpse of the other, and sometimes even like what we see." 
As kids head back to school, so should parents. Here's our playlist of 11 talks for child-wranglers: 
How chronic pain works, and why we might soon have better ways to treat it: 
5 fun facts about your brain (illustrated by @TED_Ed gifs):  
All the other adjectives are sad that "awesome" gets all the attention. 
@kittygatos @TEDx @mary_roach Have you seen her TED Talk on 10 things you didn't know about orgasm? 
This is your brain on sugar:  via @TED_ED
The 10 most popular @TEDx talks: 
"Self-discipline is like a muscle; the more you exercise it, the stronger it gets." 
"Tiny tweaks can lead to big changes." 
"Listen to understand. By just being there, you may be the turning point they need." 
Why it's okay to imagine your pets with feelings much like yours: 
“Heart is what drives us and determines our fate.” 
Your brain on video games: 
"Everything we blog, everything tweet, and everything we click is a public act of making media." 
Why we should focus on sustaining success instead of just achieving it: 
"When it comes to creativity and leadership, we need introverts doing what they do best." 
Why activists and innovators need to be brave, brave, brave: 
The world's greatest pickpocket on the art of stealing your watch. Can you figure out his final trick? 
"We're all going to die -- and poems can help us live with that." Why we need poetry: 
The 4 biggest reasons why inequality is bad for society: 
"I realized, for the first time, that my voice mattered." Find the courage to speak up against gender violence: 
A school day in 7 #TEDTalks -- with one for every class in a typical day: 
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original." - @SirKenRobinson 
"True empowerment comes from giving yourself the permission to think and act." 
5 #TEDTalks to cheer you up on a bad day: 
7 powerful stories of living with mental illness: 
What is success? 11 ideas that break the mold: 
“Take responsibility for the life you want to lead. If you don't design your life, someone else will do it for you.” 
How the zebra got its stripes, as explained by a fascinating theory from Alan Turing:  
"Over nearly all of Earth's history, threats have come from nature. But now, the worst dangers come from us." 
"A new era is coming. Higher education is becoming a basic right, affordable and accessible for all." 
"Globalization has taken us by surprise, and we've been slow to respond to it." How we can catch up: 
"Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure." 
"What the drug cartels run is a franchise business." Their surprisingly sophisticated tactics: 
How do we make choices? 8 #TEDTalks explain: 
"No problem worth solving is simple." 
"Math makes sense of the world. It's the vocabulary for your own intuition." 
"If you raise your level of positivity, then your brain performs significantly better." 
"The riskiest thing you can do now is be safe. The safe thing to do is to be at the fringes, be remarkable." 
"There is nothing more moving than a group of dedicated human beings who believe they can change the world."  #Syria
Start your week with some of our favorite unconventional work advice: 
"You can't numb hard feelings without numbing joy, gratitude, happiness." 
The value of making mistakes and facing them head-on:  via @TEDRadioHour
"We can't practice compassion with other people if we can't treat ourselves kindly." 
How do you build a civil society in the midst of civil war? Lessons from Syria: 
"There is nothing more moving than a group of dedicated human beings who believe they can change the world." 
"Genocide is not only about the killing; it is about the denied identity." 
"We're hurrying through our lives, instead of living them. We're living the fast life, instead of the good life." 
A spectacular performance from an 11-year-old banjo sensation and his two brothers: 
"Poetry isn't one thing that serves one purpose. It's a way of making patterns that put emotions into words." 
"We're all going to die -- and poems can help us live with that." A love letter to poetry: 
"Dictionaries are human." How they reflect our changing lives: 
"Globalization has taken us by surprise, and we've been slow to respond to it." How we can catch up: 
3 questions that shape great leaders in today's world: 
"Listening is what people who tell stories do first." 
"It's not so difficult to convince someone to betray others." The dark secrets of a surveillance state: 
@GKPortugal @TEDNews Crowd-sourced from all of you :)
@cheyfitz @TEDNews haha if only we knew
"We live in a world stuck in fast-forward." Why we need to slow down: 
Need a dose of creative inspiration? These talks are for you: 
"Great leaders dare to be different. They don't just talk about risk-taking; they actually do it." 
Should you stop eating fish? An oceanographer explains:  #hopespots
These hidden heroes deserve a simple thank you: 
Love traveling? 11 #TEDTalks that will give you wanderlust: 
3 tips to help you have more interesting conversations: 
Beautiful and sad GIFs show what's happening to the ocean:  
"Motion to try my poor, young black male candidate like a white 75-year-old executive." A lawyer calls for justice: 
“The problem with stereotypes is not that they're untrue, but that they're incomplete." The danger of a single story: 
"Very, very small changes can have disproportionately huge effects." 
"Great leaders are not head-down. They see around corners, shaping their future, not just reacting to it." 
What kind of Internet do we want? @timberners_lee calls for a Magna Carta for the web: 
What great leaders do to reach their full potential: 
"It's ideas that hijack our brains." How dangerous memes take root: 
"Governments have become completely disconnected from what actually matters to people." 
"The world is richer, vaster than it too often seems to be." 
“Sitting has become the smoking of our generation.” A creative way to walk more: 
"What is good for us on a personal level is also what is best for the world." 
"The main thing that has caused companies to fail is that they missed the future." Where Google is going next: 
"One is a flash of white light." How the world looks through the eyes of a man with autistic savant syndrome: 
Why the world needs WikiLeaks, a Q&amp;A with Julian Assange: 
"We cannot always explain what we want deep down." A look at choice and happiness: 
Wish you could take Psych 101 with world-class professors? These talks are for you: 
7 brilliant kids who are wise beyond their years: 
"Read critically. Write consciously. Speak clearly. Tell your truth." 
7 #TEDTalks that celebrate the joy of science: 
"Well-being is not a mere pleasurable sensation. It is a deep sense of serenity and fulfillment." 
"Silence is the residue of fear." Why we must speak up: 
"In embracing the diversity of human beings, we will find a sure way to true happiness." 
"Don't be defined by what you didn't know or didn't do. You're deciding your life right now." 
7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health: 
Is there a secret to happiness? Finding it may be easier than you think:  (via @TEDRadioHour)
"Every day, we see the consequences of silence in the form of discrimination, violence, genocide, and war." 
This is like a really spectacular psychology class with a bunch of your favorite professors: 
Is reality just one big, extremely convincing illusion? A fun tribute to René Descartes: 
"Abolish all doubt and what's left is not faith, but heartless conviction. It quickly devolves into dogmatism." 
"I spent so much of my life telling people the things they wanted to hear instead of the things they needed to."  
Did you know? 10 #TEDTalks that will teach you all kinds of weird facts: 
11 #TEDTalks with advice to help you be a great parent: 
"Go after what creates meaning in your life and then trust yourself to handle the stress that follows." 
Why we need brave journalists:  #Ferguson
"Suicide is preventable. There is help. There is hope." A suicide patrol officer shares powerful advice: 
@gmodwyer You might like the longer version of this talk, which you can find on our site: 
5 basic skills of power, and how you can learn to use them: 
"People who understand power wield disproportionate influence." What you need to know about power: 
"It’s not that kids don’t want to learn; it’s just that they are not given an option to learn it their way." 
5 facts you should know about women who shaped modern physics: 
"Power is no more inherently good or evil than fire or physics. It just is." 
"The act of teaching is one of the most valuable ways to learn." 
Can we hack the brain to cure Parkinson's disease and depression? 
How do we make choices? 8 #TEDTalks on the art of decision-making: 
We are not powerless to prevent police brutality. How to give power back to the community:  #Ferguson
What we can learn about parenting from cultures around the world: 
CERN scientists simplify space-time in 3 short videos:  (via @TED_ED)
"Far too many people are profoundly illiterate in power -- what it is, how it operates, why some people have it." 
5 #TEDTalks that will inspire your creativity: 
@jepe51 You can see a longer, more developed version of that talk on our site:  Enjoy!
"We need to make civics sexy again. As sexy as it was during the American Revolution or the Civil Rights Movement." 
"Prisons can be more than a bucket for failed social policy." A bold vision to improve our prisons: 
What makes a great leader? A recommended reading list from @SimonSinek: 
A gut-wrenchingly honest look at living with depression:  @Andrew_Solomon
These powerful personal stories of mental health struggles will make you feel less alone: 
"Language relates to how we think, how we see each other, and how others see us." 
How prisons can help inmates lead meaningful lives: 
This wetsuit makes you invisible to sharks. Here's how it works:  #SharkWeek 
How optical illusions trick your brain (via @TED_ED): 
"We have more black men in prison today than were under slavery in 1850." 
"Listen to understand. By just being there, you may be the turning point." The bridge between suicide and life: 
"We need to talk about depression." 7 #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health: 
"Capitalism’s great genius is that it rewards people for solving other people’s problems." - @NickHanauer 
"We live in a world where if you tell people you're depressed, everyone runs the other way." Let's end the stigma. 
Can a test measure the power of your imagination? 
"Demand from a thriving middle class is the only thing that can power a great national economy." - @NickHanauer 
"The essence of leadership is being able to see the iceberg before it hits the Titanic." 
Need a quick break? 13 #TEDTalks you can watch in three minutes or less: 
@Kirati27 You might enjoy the longer version of that talk, which you can see on our homepage here: 
@Nigel_Dean1 We invited Nick to give a longer version of that talk, which you can see on our homepage here: 
@SafetyNap We invited Nick to give a longer version of that talk, which you can see on our homepage here: 
"The way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep." 
"What is good for us on a personal level is also what is best for the world." 
On the sinister side of human nature, and the violence within us:  via @TEDRadioHour
“Even people who’ve been raised on hate can make a choice about who they want to be.”  @TEDBooks
"The media have to decide: Do they see their role as being to inflame or to inform?" 
A fascinating look at how inequality affects your body and mind: 
7 ways stress does your mind and body good: 
How to become your own health advocate to get the best possible medical care: 
Why great design requires both audacity and humility: 
"Nobody starts a company alone." How to foster entrepreneurship around the world: 
How the worst moments in our lives make us who we are: 
"We have a society that is paralyzed by fear, and in that paralysis, our capacity for compassion is also paralyzed." 
The secret to desire in a long-term relationship: 
“Access to information is a critical currency of power.” 
“Empathy is more powerful than hate, and our lives should be dedicated to making it go viral.”  @TEDBooks
"Fold the worst events of your life into a narrative of triumph." 
Why dieting doesn't usually work: 
The 20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time: 
What makes us who we are? Reflections on growing up:  via @TEDRadioHour
10 #TEDTalks on the art -- and science -- of love: 
Compassion and the true meaning of empathy: 
The 4 stories we tell ourselves about death: 
How one performer learned to cope with her fear of public speaking: 
3 must-reads about the #Ebola outbreak, for a deeper look at what's really going on: 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
How cultures around the world think about parenting: 
"Singing, for me, is sweet relief. It is the only time when I feel fluent." - @WASHINGTONx 
10 fascinating #TEDTalks that went surprisingly viral: 
"The crisis of desire is often a crisis of the imagination." 
7 thoughtful #TEDTalks on life behind bars: 
What to say when a conversation runs out of steam: 
The story of a boy trained to hate, and the man who chose a different path:  @TEDBooks
What does inequality do to our bodies and minds? Two experts explain: 
"Some of the best opportunities to learn are the moments when we are perplexed."  via @TED_ED
Ever feel alone in crowded places? This artist gets you:  
How giant websites design for you (and a billion others too): 
"The first principle of aid is respect." 
The 20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time: 
How animations can help scientists test a hypothesis: 
How creative thinkers steal their best ideas: 
"Less meat, less junk, more plants." A passionate call to change the way we eat: 
Why you should be suspicious of simple stories: 
"Playing music is the brain's equivalent of a full body workout." Here's what happens:  (via @TED_Ed)
Feeling stuck? 5 #TEDTalks that will kickstart your creativity: 
"Your rights matter because you never know when you're going to need them." - Edward #Snowden 
"When you're designing at scale, there's no such thing as a small detail." 
"If you ask people where they go to get something done, you almost never hear someone say the office." 
"Nobody in the world can succeed alone." To work together, we need to do this: 
"Math makes sense of the world. It's the vocabulary for your own intuition." 
"Every time you tell yourself a good vs evil story, you're basically lowering your IQ." 
"Four hours of uninterrupted time is the best gift you can give anybody at work." 
A new model of higher education that everyone can afford: 
"It's Greek to me," and other common phrases invented by Shakespeare: 
How Facebook designed the "like" button, and why such tiny details matter: 
The dark secrets of a surveillance state: 
How playing a musical instrument benefits your brain:  (via @TED_Ed)
"Mathematics is not just solving for x; it's also figuring out why." 
6 depressing thinkers whose ideas will make you happier: 
How does your brain work? 9 brilliant speakers explain:  #science
How a silly meme can make real change in the world: 
Great advice to help you have more thoughtful, inspiring conversations: 
"The key to stopping pandemics is early detection, early response."  #Ebola
16 common words and phrases that were actually invented by Shakespeare: 
"Data can help make a good design great, but it will never make a bad design good." 
How people who disagree with you inspire your best work: 
5 #TEDTalks to cheer you up on a bad day: 
"It is our humanity, and all the potential within it, that makes us beautiful." 
How does your brain work? 9 #TEDTalks on the mysterious inner workings of your mind: 
"We stagger through our social worlds with the goal merely of not crashing, never considering that we might soar." 
How higher education could become a basic right, affordable and accessible for all: 
When Shakespeare committed word crimes:  
How to turn small talk into smart conversation: 
The original meanings of silly, clue, fizzle and more common words: 
If you don't already love classical music, you will after this talk: 
3 ways to make peace with your regrets: 
The hidden power of smiling: 
How does your brain work? 9 #TEDTalks explain: 
How finding happiness may be simpler than you think: 
10 #TEDTalks on love and relationships: 
"Why is my daughter so strong? Because I didn't clip her wings." 
The psychology of smiling, and what your smile means about you: 
What makes you happy? 10 #TEDTalks on the psychology of happiness: 
What's wrong with what we eat -- and how we can fix it: 
9 fascinating discoveries about how your mind works: 
What adults can learn from kids: 
"We've got to work on developing all different kinds of minds." 
A young guitar virtuoso gives a spectacular performance with his hero: 
The value of life-long learning: 
Need a book for the beach this weekend? Your mega summer reading list: 
“The circumstances of our lives matter less to our happiness than the sense of control we feel over our lives.” 
What is success? 10 thoughtful talks offer new ways to look at it: 
5 #TEDTalks to kickstart your creativity: 
How your outlook on life affects your happiness: 
Brilliant #TEDTalks by people under 20: 
A bold new idea to help prevent genetic disease: 
Which country does the most good for the planet? (Hint: It's not the USA.) 
Fresh perspectives on what it means to succeed: 
Where do ideas come from? 8 #TEDTalks explain: 
"The secret of their success was insatiable curiosity, that irrepressible desire to know." 
3 rules to spark learning: 
Your body's amazing reaction to water: 
6 simple ways to boost your happiness (via @TEDRadioHour): 
"The miracle of your mind is that you can see the world as it isn't." 
"I don’t think there’s a right age for anything. Just take things as they come." 
Striking photos of polar ice: 
What's wrong with what we eat? 
12 #TEDTalks on how our brains fool us or lead us to bad decisions: 
"Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure." 
"The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult, but rather better adults than you have been." 
Why a nation's language is so vital to its future: 
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and trust." 
9 #TEDTalks on what's wrong with what we eat: 
A lovely story about the value of life-long learning: 
Want to prevent genetic disease? Try this: 
“The more options there are, the easier it is to regret what is disappointing about the option that you chose.” 
"Student questions are the seeds of real learning." Why curiosity is essential to education: 
The difference between winning and succeeding: 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
"My parents didn't believe in 'can't.' My father's mantra was, 'You can do it, yes you can can.'" 
How to spark imagination and inspire kids to learn: 
"Attachment to our own rightness causes us to treat each other terribly." 
Stunning photos of icy wonderlands: 
How a teen entrepreneur helped empower women in India: 
3 ways of thinking that great leaders share: 
Why do we sleep? These are the current theories: 
"If you make the effort to do the best of which you're capable, I think that's success." 
Just how small is an atom? Find out in this fun @TED_ED lesson: 
What if the best way to help kids learn is to stop trying so hard to keep them safe? 
Why teenagers act the way they do: 
The incredible story of a brain scientist who studied her own stroke while it was happening: 
A charming, smart talk on the nature of consciousness: 
10 thoughtful ideas about love and relationships: 
Have you ever experienced chronic pain? This talk is for you: 
How many ways can you arrange a deck of cards? Find out:  via @TED_ED
Want to recharge your creative spirits? Try this: 
The surprising thing you should do to raise creative and confident kids: 
"Some of your own regrets are not as ugly as you think they are." 
The transformative power of classical music: 
Your mega summer reading list, with 70+ recommendations from TED speakers and more: 
A fascinating look at the paradox of choice: 
Should we eat bugs? Here's why it might be a good idea:  via @TED_ED
"I got 99 problems...palsy is just one." A hilarious story of personal triumph: 
12 #TEDTalks on our predictably irrational brains: 
Why you need people who are willing to challenge your ideas: 
"Trusting too much in the feeling of being on the correct side of anything can be very dangerous." 
How your brain senses what other people are feeling: 
Brilliant young speakers share their inventions, talents and wisdom: 
"Let's make sure our ideas of success are our own, that we are truly the authors of our own ambitions." 
"Great leaders see around corners, shaping their future, not just reacting to it." 
Which country does the most good for the planet? The answer might surprise you: 
3 simple questions leaders need to ask: 
Our favorite talks with smart work advice: 
"Our capacity to screw up is not some kind of embarrassing defect; it's fundamental to who we are." 
A powerful case for working together to achieve the best outcome: 
Why having more choices is not always a good thing: 
How does your brain work? 9 #TEDTalks explain: 
"Empathy is more powerful than hate." The story of a boy trained to hate, and the man who chose a different path: 
Got a meeting? Try this (for your health): 
What it takes to be a great leader: 
"We need to learn to love the flawed, imperfect things that we create." 
How to make peace with your regrets: 
10 #TEDTalks on what makes us happy: 
A kinder, gentler philosophy of success: 
How efficient teams can be more effective than people working solo: 
"Great leaders don't just talk about risk-taking; they actually do it." 
Unconventional work advice to help you become a better leader: 
“Walk and talk. You'll be surprised at how fresh air drives fresh thinking.” 
"Be the first, because people will follow you. Be bold. Stand up. Be fearless." 
3 fascinating theories about why we sleep: 
"The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult, but rather better adults than you have been." 
The mystery of chronic pain, and how it works: 
"Let's make sure our ideas of success are our own; that we are truly the authors of our own ambitions." 
"Our democracy can be as great as people can be, but it is also as fallible as people are." 
"Sitting has become the smoking of our generation." 
10 tips for better slides that communicate your ideas: 
"Leaders hold a position of power or authority, but those who lead inspire us." 
"Stories can punch holes in our mental walls." 
"Why is my daughter so strong? Because I didn't clip her wings." 
If you had a nucleus the size of a marble, how big would the atom have to be? Find out:  @TED_ED
Are you human? Let's find out with a few simple questions...  @zefrank
The creative power of time off: 
"The point isn't to live without any regrets. The point is to not hate ourselves for having them." 
The story of a boy trained to hate, and the man who chose a different path:  @TEDBooks #storyofchoice
What makes you happy? 10 #TEDTalks on joy and happiness: 
The mysterious workings of the adolescent brain: 
Would you eat a fried tarantula? Why we should make a habit of eating bugs:  via @TED_ED
5 dangerous things you should let your kids do: 
A look at the minds and bodies of people who achieve extraordinary feats (via @TEDRadioHour): 
How quantum mechanics explains global warming:  via @TED_Ed
Why taking time off is essential for recharging your creative spirits: 
Your mega summer reading list: 70+ books recommended by the TED community 
"Our own well-being is deeply tied to the well-being of others."  #MandelaDay
Are you human? A helpful quiz from @zefrank to clear up any confusion: 
What a wildlife activist learned from Nelson Mandela:  #MandelaDay
A critical look at our culture's narrow definition of beauty: 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think: 
How energy cycles through our planet:  via @TED_ED
"Humanity is capable of extraordinary progress if it really acts together." 
What humans can learn from semi-intelligent slime mold:  
9 fascinating psych experiments: 
“Even people who’ve been raised on hate can make a choice about who they want to be.”  #storyofchoice
How to create a perfect presentation, with tips from one of our designers: 
@jeanajuice @netflix Glad to hear it!
@edyong209 @BenLillie @slugnads @erikvance shhh...we don't want him to know that's why we keep him around
@edyong209 @BenLillie @slugnads @erikvance Please don't eat Ben. We're quite partial to him.
Will our kids be a different species? How we may be evolving faster than we think: 
@ziggybrelih Depends on how you're thinking about stress :)
7 ways stress does your mind and body good: 
Why the world needs WikiLeaks, a conversation with Julian #Assange: 
3 anti-social skills to improve your writing:  (via @TED_ED)
“I stand here as proof that a son does not have to follow the ways of his father.”  #storyofchoice
How do ideas spread? A fascinating theory: 
A tool to fix one of the most dangerous moments in surgery:  
10 tips for better slide decks, from one of our designers: 
"If you hire people who believe what you believe, they'll work for you with blood and sweat and tears." 
“We should be learn from each other, and recognize that there are very different successful ways to raise children.” 
“Everyone has a choice.” See how a terrorist’s son chose peace in this powerful @TEDBooks trailer:  #storyofchoice
"We can't afford to lose any more bees." Here's why they're dying and what you can do to help: 
How cultures around the world think about parenting: 
"If you come across a problem that grabs you, let it keep you up at night. Allow yourself to be fascinated." 
“Empathy is more powerful than hate, and our lives should be dedicated to making it go viral.”  #storyofchoice
How optimism can make you happier and more successful: 
"People don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it." 
How to make a splash in social media: 
“Empathy is more powerful than hate.” Watch the @TEDBooks trailer for this extraordinary story:  #storyofchoice
Tech icons like @BillGates and Steve Jobs, back in the early days:  
4 ways to understand one of the world's most overlooked problems: 
How great leaders inspire action: 
"At work, we're often so busy 'communicating' that we don't have time to think." 
How creative thinkers steal their best ideas: 
Why babies are so much better at learning new languages: 
5 hackers who are creating a better world (via @TEDRadioHour): 
How to find creative inspiration all around you: 
The 20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time -- have you seen them all? 
Watch high-tech flying machines pull off some incredible tricks: 
What makes tattoos permanent? Here's how they work:  (via @TED_Ed)
11 #TEDTalks to give you wanderlust: 
Are athletes really getting faster, better, stronger? 
5 must-reads about the controversial reaction to Neymar's injury:  #WorldCup
"Our creativity comes from without, not from within." 
This magic trick is one the nerdiest we've ever seen (in a good way): 
"If we don't teach our children to be alone, they will only know how to be lonely." 
Why honeybees love hexagons:  (via @TED_ED) 
We saw Dan Gilbert trending and got all excited that it was this guy:  Apparently not.
The 20 most popular #TEDTalks of all time: 
"Muslims are much more likely to be victims of fundamentalist violence than its perpetrators." 
4 powerful stories from one of the most overlooked human-rights struggles in the world: 
"Secrets are the currency of intimacy, and sharing them gives us a better understanding of who we are." 
"Abolish all doubt and what's left is not faith, but absolute heartless conviction." Why doubt is essential to faith: 
3 bits of advice that every twenty-something needs to hear: 
Candid photos of Steve Jobs, Bill Gates and other tech titans back in the early days:  
The art -- and science -- of sharing a secret: 
"Think of technology as tools to help you achieve larger purposes. Ask, how does this help you live your life?" 
Do we have an unhealthy obsession with choice? 
"It is not enough just to battle terrorism. We must also challenge fundamentalism." 
7 TED Talks that will make you love #science: 
The very smart geometry behind the honeybee's hive:  via @TED_Ed
"Despair is self-fulfilling. If we call something impossible, we act in such a way that makes it so." 
"When we are anxious over choices, we easily give our power of choice away." 
"Fundamentalism isn't faith; it's fanatacism. We have to stop confusing the two." 
Need some creative inspiration? Watch these #TEDTalks: 
"Come up with your own framework for living. The world is too complex to be overly prescriptive about the details." 
8 tips to help you thrive in a changing world: 
How can you best engage your brain to process big ideas? Like this: 
8 articles that will change the way you think about charity: 
The joy of living off the grid for a year: 
Beautiful photos show that we're not so different after all:  
"In today's media, the incentive is to make more noise to be heard. It's the tyranny of the loud." - @sallykohn at #TEDNYC
Want to change the world? A recommended reading list for you: 
"A lot of people think learning is a solo activity, but fundamentally, learning is a very social thing." 
8 #TEDTalks on the road to peace: 
How to thrive in a world where change is constant: 
3 ways the brain creates meaning: 
Explore the last 30 years of tech -- plus an audacious prediction about what's coming next: 
A simple way to eat less meat. Think you could do it? 
Want to be a bold innovator? Stop thinking about what the future holds: 
"Real faith has no easy answers. It involves a continual questioning of what we think we know." 
How to speak so that people want to listen: 
"Stop this notion that you need to plan everything; focus on being connected, fully present, and always learning." 
5 #TEDTalks to kickstart your creativity: 
What pop culture can teach us about a dark moment in America's history: 
"Education is what people do to you, and learning is what you do to yourself." 
"The riskiest thing you can do is be safe. The safe thing to do is to be at the fringes, be remarkable." 
A classic performance of nerdcore comedy from the early days of TED: 
7 truly captivating #TEDTalks: 
"The separation between science and human values is an illusion -- actually quite a dangerous one." 
10 #TEDTalks with a fresh take on religion: 
"It is a mistake to assume that everyone thrives under the pressure of choosing alone." 
This artist found out the FBI was tracking him, so he responded by putting his entire life online: 
"The major catalyst for moral change in America has been the situation comedy." 
Are athletes really getting faster, better, stronger?  #WorldCup
"Metaphors give words a way to go beyond their own meaning."  via @TED_Ed
Explore the mystery of outer space in this week's @TEDRadioHour: 
Jaw-dropping footage of amazing sea creatures: 
"A good country thinks about all of us." See which countries do the most good for the world: 
9 powerful performances of spoken-word fireworks: 
How we can build a more united United States of America: 
"Our democracy can be as great as people can be, but it is also as fallible as people are." - @GeorgeTakei 
10 inspiring TED Talks to watch during the #WorldCup: 
"I would like to see a country where we all assume that we want what’s best for each other." 
Actor @GeorgeTakei shares why he loves the country that once betrayed him: 
Happy 4th of July! What you don't know about the Declaration of Independence:  (via @TED_Ed)
"The insults getting hurled across the political aisle are insane. We forget we’re actually all on the same team." 
8 delectable #TEDTalks for foodies: 
How to talk like a professional storm chaser:  
How our biases work -- and how we can take control when they go wrong: 
Striking photos from a Chinese artist known as "The Invisible Man." Can you spot him?  
"Anonymous companies are used as 'getaway cars' by all manner of criminals to cover their tracks." 
"We are all born artists." How to revive your creative spirit: 
"Creativity grows out of everyday experiences." 
"The revolution for human equality will happen -- it is happening. How far and how fast is up to us." 
"Humanity is capable of extraordinary progress if it really acts together." 
What are you revealing online? Much more than you think: 
Why fireflies light up in the dark, and other secrets of summer's coolest bugs:  
Which country does the most good for the world? See where your nation ranks: 
The difference between corporate privacy and secrecy: 
"Real equality means creating a much wider range of equally respected choices for women and for men." 
"No single narrative serves the needs of everyone everywhere." 
10 inspiring TED Talks for sports fans:  #WorldCup
6 ways mushrooms can save the world: 
What's the fastest way to fight prejudice? This: 
"Anonymous companies lie at the heart of some of the worst problems of our time." 
Love #science? These fun, nerdy TED Talks are for you: 
"I would much rather someone offend me than stay silent. Silence halts change." 
7 #TEDTalks on how we make choices: 
Why we make bad decisions: 
"Our brains evolved for a very different world than the one in which we are living." 
How to stop a terrorist with billions of 1's and 0's: 
7 books that shaped me as a writer, recommended by @GilbertLiz: 
10 weird creatures in the ocean:  
"When seconds count, we've unlocked the means to stop the bad guys." How cyber engineers stop terrorist crimes: 
“We think we have to be successful, then we’ll be happier. But our brains work in the opposite order." 
What makes an idea original? 4 #TED speakers explore:  via @TEDRadioHour
Hear "La Di Da Di" sampled in 30 years of pop music:  via @TEDRadioHour
5 ways animals suffer from mental illness: 
Why would more than 500 artists sample the same song? An interview with @iamMarkRonson:  via @TEDRadioHour
How to speak so that people want to listen: 
Watch the first 6 talks ever posted on  -- eight years ago today! 
"Chasing meaning is better for your health than trying to avoid discomfort." 
"The harmful effects of stress on your health are not inevitable." How to undo the harm: 
"The baby's brain seems to be the most powerful learning computer on the planet." 
The orchestra of the future sounds like this:  
How does your brain work? 9 #TEDTalks explain: 
Powerful photos of modern slavery -- and human survival:  
3 types of motivation that drive creative work (and why money isn't one of them): 
"If we want open-mindedness, imagination, creativity, innovation, we should think more like children." 
"A lot of the time the question of parenthood is, what do we validate in our children, and what do we cure in them?" 
What do babies think? A fascinating look at the developing human mind: 
Your body can do some incredible things to help you survive underwater: 
5 #TEDTalks to cheer you up on a bad day: 
Why we should believe in science: 
"The pursuit of normality is the ultimate sacrifice of potential." 
What's going on in Egypt? 5 primary sources you should read: 
"Count thy blessings, not thy years." In memory of a wonderful poet and publisher: 
7 thoughtful #TEDTalks on life in prison: 
Why your worst deeds don't define you: 
Meet 20 brilliant people doing extraordinary work to improve our world:  @TEDFellow
Where's Google going next? CEO Larry Page shares his vision for the future: 
Are you making one of these common password mistakes? 
Can a great story make people excited to learn math? Behind-the-scenes with @TED_ED:  
Which country does the most good for the planet? Find out: 
"When you’re attempting something outside the norm, you need unshakable faith in your ability to make it happen." 
"You can change a community by capturing the passion, energy and imagination of your own people." 
"One of the greatest gifts you can give another human being who is going through adversity is hope." 
What makes us happy? 10 #TEDTalks explain: 
"We do ourselves a disservice if we give up on people. Nobody is beyond some kind of restorative process." 
Want to inspire a young mind? 11 #TEDTalks to watch with kids: 
GIFs of semi-intelligent slime mold growing like crazy: 
"Nobody starts a company alone." How to foster entrepreneurship around the world: 
Why business leaders should measure employee happiness: 
"Real inspiration and growth only comes from stepping out into the unknown." 
Watch how semi-intelligent slime mold grows in crazy, beautiful webs: 
How to hack your remote control and make it do really cool things: 
"Instead of arriving in a community to tell people what to do, why don't we for once listen to them?" 
Will computers soon know us better than we know ourselves?  #TEDWeekends @HuffingtonPost
"As a society, we need to decide a balance between personal rights and the collective good." 
The science of scent, or why a fresh mown lawn smells so good: 
Free or cheap Wii Remote hacks (they're seriously impressive): 
"Nobody in the world can succeed alone." 
"Should we set up a fantasy league for buying and trading our personal data?"  #TEDWeekends @HuffingtonPost
Why we lie, and the hard truth of deception:  via @TEDRadioHour
11 TED Talks to watch and discuss with your kids: 
"Anonymous companies are like the getaway car in the crime of corruption." Why they need to end: 
6 sci-fi and fantasy books to spark the imagination: 
"The first principle of aid is respect." 
"The brain lady," and other weird ways people google #TEDTalks: 
"@YouTube has really changed the speed at which an individual can spread an idea around the world." 
"With really big problems, it's like climbing a mountain: you do it one step at a time." @charmian 
"There's an invisible beauty all around us." A close-up look at pollen:  
"One of the simplest facts in business is something we often neglect: We're all human." 
Two poems about what dogs think (probably): 
"Our system of justice treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent." 
How do we make choices? 7 TED speakers explain: 
7 TED Talks that will make you love science:  
A charming story of an Arctic seal that fell in love with a photographer:  
A powerful letter written by a former slave in 1855, shared by his great-great-granddaughter:  #JuneteenthDay
3 ways to speak English? A witty spoken-word piece on being articulate: 
How to read music (a 5-minute starter course):  via @TED_Ed
Watch @Cmdr_Hadfield landing after a space mission...there must be a better way:  #GIFs 
20 words that once meant something very different: 
How hard choices let you assert who you are -- and who you want to be: 
What pollen looks like up close, and how it can help solve crimes:  
Obama backs massive new Pacific Ocean "hope spots." Can they help save our oceans? 
"Hard choices are precious opportunities to become the distinctive people that we are." 
How great teachers create magic and inspire you to learn: 
Where do you feel most creative? These places inspire creativity: 
"Plants have rampant, promiscuous, and really quite interesting sex." 
“Access to information is a critical currency of power.” 
A look at one of the 20th century's biggest #design icons:  
Why I fell in love with monster prime numbers: 
"Dictionaries are human, and they are not timeless." How they reflect our changing language: 
"Objects tell stories." Why great design is more than just a pretty facade: 
What makes us happy? 10 TED Talks explain: 
Do hangry, defriend and adorkable count as "real" words? What about YOLO? 
"If we keep in mind the values of the work that we do, we can change the companies we work with." 
The happy secret to better work: 
"It is our humanity, and all the potential within it, that makes us beautiful." 
"Mathematics is not just solving for x; it's also figuring out why." 
"Lively, enjoyable public spaces are the key to planning a great city." 
Stunning photos show how water shapes our world:  
Why you should sweat the small stuff: 
A thought-provoking, new way to look at religion: 
Writer @Andrew_Solomon shares his powerful journey to fatherhood: 
"Every child deserves a champion, an adult who insists that they become the best they can possibly be." 
"I am one of the few fathers who is known by his daughter, and I am proud of it." Malala's dad speaks out: 
An impassioned talk on how bacteria communicate (it's one of our favorites): 
Happy Father's Day! Celebrate with one of our favorite talks on fatherhood: 
An electrifying performance that shows the evolution of street dancing: 
How we can improve psychiatric drugs to get rid of the side effects: 
"Depression is a long-term affliction, and addressing it involves real connections with real people." 
"We have got to show our sons a new definition of manhood." 
Stories of overcoming a weakness and turning it into a strength:  via @TEDRadioHour
7 TED Talks that will make you love science: 
"We often think of fear as a weakness, but what if we thought of it as an amazing act of the imagination?" 
The @NewYorker's cartoon editor shares his all-time favorites:  
The hidden toxins in the fish we eat -- and how to stop them: 
"Very, very small changes can have disproportionately huge effects." 
Your mega summer reading list, with 70+ picks from the TED community: 
The world's largest family reunion (since your current family isn't handful enough): 
How a fly flies (it's pretty impressive): 
"How powerful would our world be if we had kids who were not afraid to take risks, who were not afraid to think?" 
"You don't need to be brilliant to be wise, but without wisdom, brilliance isn't enough." 
"Governments have become completely disconnected from what actually matters to people." 
"If we know what it takes to have a healthcare system instead of a sick-care system, why don't we just do it?" 
Two young scientists find a creative way to break down plastic: 
Why bold discoveries demand a leap into the unknown:  
How non-violent protest became a terrorist crime: 
"Visual information is effortless, and if you're navigating a dense information jungle, it's a relief." 
This is how your brain creates a sense of self: 
"How have we convinced ourselves that there is no moral expertise, that every opinion has to count?" 
How hackers are planning to protest the World Cup: 
Haunting, intimate photos of inequality around the world:  
How good is your working memory? Test it out, and learn how to improve it: 
"We're all responsible for not just the intended effects of our ideas, but for their likely misuses." 
How hackers fight government corruption and advocate for your rights: 
What's next for humans? A recommended reading list: 
The hidden beauty of pollination: 
How the World Cup can make or break Brazil's hopes for the future: 
“Access to information is a critical currency of power.” 
How to talk to people you strongly disagree with -- and why you should do it more often: 
"What we process, we learn. If we're not processing life, we're not living it." 
"Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage." 
"We are meaning-making machines." How your mind makes sense of the world: 
This week, stop multi-tasking and try this instead: 
"Mathematics is not just solving for x; it's also figuring out why." 
How math transformed origami into an elaborate art form:  
"I'm not here to inspire you. I'm here to tell you that we have been lied to about disability." 
This 13-year-old entrepreneur is out to change the world: 
"The person you are right now is as transient, as fleeting and as temporary as all the people you've ever been." 
What lurks under the sea? 11 TED Talks explore the ocean's depths: 
"Every single person can make a change if they have a passion for it." 
A life lesson from a volunteer firefighter: 
"I want to shake your confidence that you know your innermost mind." See if he can fool you: 
Watch this yo-yo world champion do tricks you didn't even know were possible: 
From space tourism to car-shares, here's a look at the future of transportation:  via @TEDRadioHour
"The opposite of poverty is not wealth; it is justice." 
"It is our humanity, and all the potential within it, that makes us beautiful." 
RT "@TheDailyShow 2nd Amendment Manners Do's and Don'ts  Glad we could be of such peace-keeping service :)
Love Orange is the New Black? Check out the real Piper's @TEDx Talk on life in prison: 
What the gay rights movement learned from the civil rights movement: 
Why is yawning contagious? See if you can watch this without yawning:  via @TED_Ed
"We’re taking the blocks away from people being naturally creative." 
"Freedom struggles must support and enhance each other for us to be truly victorious." 
3 brilliant inventions from a 12-year-old scientist: 
A delightful poetry lesson for word-lovers everywhere: 
"Each of us is more than the worst thing we've ever done." 
“We can’t reliably distinguish true memories from false memories." The fiction of memory: 
"Whether it’s science or life, you have to start, fail and just keep pushing." 
How one photographer is using @instagram to show the violence on Chicago's South Side:  
"It’s never about the paycheck; it’s about loving the work we do." Teachers open up about what they earn: 
Fascinating studies on what makes us feel good about our work: 
"We're all going to die -- and poems can help us live with that." A love letter to poetry: 
This incredible talk got the longest standing ovation in TED's history: 
"Ultimately, you judge the character of a society by how they treat the poor, the condemned, the incarcerated." 
"Visionaries not only believe that the impossible can be done, but that it must be done." 
Teachers open up about the (mostly lousy) economics of their dream job: 
Why not knowing who owns and controls companies is a huge problem:  #QueensSpeech
This is the antidote to apathy: 
The 4 biggest reasons why inequality is bad for society: 
How your body language shapes who you are: 
"All of us have the potential to do tremendous bad and tremendous good." 
"Everybody loves classical music, they just haven't found out about it yet." A truly delightful intro: 
"The poor deserve better than a political system that leaves them to go hungry." 
How African prisoners are learning to fight for their own rights: 
What goes on in your brain when you feel pain? Find out:  via @TED_Ed
“In science, knowing a lot of stuff is not the point." Why the pursuit of ignorance is key: 
"Human beings are works in progress that mistakenly think they're finished." 
12 TED Talks with smart work advice: 
Why talent has little to do with success: 
"Let's make sure our ideas of success are our own, that we are truly the authors of our own ambitions." 
“Spending on other people has a bigger return for you than spending on yourself.” 
"The most important characteristic of leadership is that it comes from within.” 
"We have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned." 
Ever wish you could live on the open road? An inside look at what it's like to actually make that choice: 
This is your brain on pain:  via @TED_Ed
The strange, true story of the teddy bear:  And also this bear in a hammock. Because Monday. 
The next big leap in brain power (it's just around the corner): 
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original." 
“A baby's brain seems to be the most powerful learning computer on the planet.” 
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
Can we end inequality? 5 insightful ideas:  via @TEDRadioHour
Watch what happens in the brain during musical improvisation: 
“Nothing lights up the brain like play.” Why play is more than just fun: 
How to let go of excess and simplify your life: 
“You’re imperfect, and you’re wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging.” 
"We've made remarkable progress in the last hundred years, but if we want to continue, our future is in space." 
"We're told that we should all be leaders, but if you really care about a movement, have the courage to follow."  
A behind-the-scenes look at how an idea gets to the TED stage: 
"We stigmatize mistakes, and the result is that we educate people out of their creative capacities." 
"Western society basically invented loneliness." Why it's so hard to come home from war: 
4 @TED_Ed lessons that will make you a better writer: 
"Artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. It's a product of the brain." 
Could inherited illness become a thing of the past? Promising new research: 
"We have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned." 
"The most powerful country in the world can’t run the VA correctly? It’s obscene." - @sebastianjunger  #VAScandal
These stunning photos are a "love letter to the planet."  
Meet 3 people who just might save the world:  #climate
Why you really should share your medical data: 
Watching the #spellingbee? 10 TED Talks for people who love words: 
"We can cure violence." A creative way to stop local shootings: 
Why you should dare to disagree: 
PHOTOS: The world's oldest living things -- all over 2,000 years old:  
Stories of modern nomads -- a culture on the margins: 
"Well-being is not a mere pleasurable sensation. It is a deep sense of serenity and fulfillment." 
"We don't have to give up our privacy to have good government, or our liberty to have security." #EdwardSnowden 
"Your rights matter because you never know when you're going to need them." #EdwardSnowden 
@KevinSSSherry That exists! Try @TEDRadioHour on NPR: 
"When we dare to create conflict, we enable ourselves and the people around us to do our very best thinking." 
"Our control of the outer world is limited, temporary, and often, illusory." 
How our brains make moral judgments: 
"The truth won't set us free until we develop the skills and the moral courage to use it." 
Photos of life on the open road:  
All the hidden sources of sugar -- in foods you might not expect:  via @TED_Ed
Thanks @GayleKing for recommending Mellody's talk! See the full talk here:  
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and to trust." 
"Language is a window into human nature." 
Does money make you mean? The psychology of getting rich: 
What's going on in your brain when you imagine what others are thinking: 
"You shouldn't define people by their maddest edges." A closer look at the psychopath test: 
Have an idea worth spreading? Apply to give a short #TEDTalk in NYC! 
This is the next generation of classical music:  
The strange story of how the teddy bear came to be (and why it matters now): 
How do languages evolve? A fun @TED_Ed lesson: 
9 important personal stories of violence against women -- and what we can do to stop it:  #YesAllWomen
How to be a great leader in an ever-changing world: 
Funny, insightful studies on moral behavior in animals: 
3 fascinating studies on the psychology of choice around the world: 
"Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure." 
The military case for sharing knowledge: 
Powerful war stories from people who've seen it firsthand: 
What to ask soldiers about their time at war: 
Can we find meaning in seemingly pointless torment? 
What we know about autism (and what we don't know yet): 
"It is a mistake to assume that everyone thrives under the pressure of choosing alone." 
"Unless we start testing our intuitions, we're not going to do better." 
"Decision is the ultimate power." Why we do what we do: 
Clever studies on the hidden reasons why we steal or cheat: 
"No single narrative serves the needs of everyone everywhere." 
Where good ideas come from: 
How new technology could help us build empathy: 
Why don't civilians ask veterans more questions? A lovely personal essay: 
10 TED Talks every new grad should see: 
Stories of how we overcome our biggest fears:  via @TEDRadioHour
How a boiler engineer repaired his own heart: 
How @CERN's supercollider can help us discover the extraordinary secrets of the universe:  
How to talk to veterans about the war:  @WesMoore1
The cancer gene we all have (via @TED_Ed): 
How do you translate humor and wordplay in 33 different languages? Like this: 
“War does not have one simple, neat truth.” Why veterans miss war: 
How our beliefs shape the way we experience pleasure or pain: 
How the worst moments in our lives make us who we are: 
Stunning animations show what's really going on with our climate:  
This solar-powered plane is set to fly around the world. An interview w/ the pilot:  
See what a football game looks like from an athlete's perspective: 
How animals show moral behavior -- a funny, fascinating talk: 
"We cannot bear a pointless torment, but we can endure great pain if we believe that it's purposeful." 
How does the heart pump blood? Watch this fun @TED_Ed lesson to find out: 
How the World Cup can make or break Brazil's hopes for the future: 
Why we should treat violence like a contagious disease:  
"Fold the worst events of your life into a narrative of triumph."  @Andrew_Solomon
The scent of attraction: 
How saving the oceans can help us feed the world: 
"A city has to take the long view. The view for the common good." 
"Science is integral for bringing about social change." 
10 fascinating facts about woolly mammoths:  
Why good leaders make you feel safe: 
What do you want to be remembered for at the end of your life? 
"The brain is capable of extraordinary change, way into adulthood." 
Why Seth Godin wants you to steal his ideas:  @ThisIsSethsBlog
"When a leader makes the choice to put others first, remarkable things happen." 
@_eliprice You can tell your "friend" we completely approve of watching TED Talks all day, every day :)
“The most important quality of science or art is curiosity.”  
"Leadership is a choice; it is not a rank."  @SimonSinek
How your body language shapes who you are: 
The truth about democracy (that we seem to have forgotten): 
“It takes lots of experience to learn how to care for people.” 
3 ways to make peace with your regrets: 
"We're hurrying through our lives, instead of actually living them." How to slow down: 
What does the future hold? 26 thought-provoking answers: 
“The secret to happiness is low expectations.” 
What is your favorite museum or exhibit? 6 talks that celebrate museums: 
A gentler way to think about empathy and openness: 
"We live in a world stuck in fast-forward." Why we need to slow down: 
"The schizophrenic mind is not split, but shattered." A terrifying story of mental illness: 
What's the fastest animal in the world? You might be surprised: 
How we can make the world better, if only we work together (via @TEDRadioHour): 
6 fascinating studies on human sexuality: 
RT @Andrew_Solomon "Those who believe their suffering has been valuable love more readily than those who see no meaning in their pain."
A hidden vault built to save the world from starvation:  
A collection of pop culture references to 4 o'clock in the morning. Weird and wonderful: 
"In music, we take something we love and we build on it." How sampling transformed music: 
Striking photos of once-grand buildings, now abandoned:  
"Passion is what will help you create the highest expression of your talent." 
"Regret doesn't remind us that we did badly. It reminds us that we know we can do better." 
20% of the world doesn't have smelly armpits &amp; more fun facts about smell: 
Does money make you mean? 
Haunting photos of polar ice melting:  
Why an Internet 'slow lane' is a terrible idea:  #NetNeutrality
Does your sweat release chemicals proven to make you sexier? Why the science isn't there yet: 
See the #911Museum's interactive exhibits -- and learn how they were created: 
"Listen to understand. By just being there, you may be the turning point they need." 
Watch astronaut @Cmdr_Hadfield perform 'Space Oddity' at the end of this talk. It's magical. 
Lessons from suicide patrol on the Golden Gate Bridge: 
How do countries pull themselves out of poverty? Watch these fascinating insights: 
"There's plenty of room for moral passion once we've got the facts." 
"The secret of happiness is: Find something more important than you are and dedicate your life to it." 
Want to learn to code? 10 great ways to start: 
How to tell if a health claim is based on good science: 
What ants can teach us about the brain, cancer and the Internet: 
How a web cartoonist uses serious math to answer really weird questions:  #xkcd 
“The defining factor for success is never resources; it’s resourcefulness.” 
“Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage.” 
10 expert tips for editing videos that people will want to watch: 
Two young scientists break down plastics with bacteria: 
3 things we must do to prevent another financial crisis -- and why we haven't yet:  
"The greater our proficiency, the more clearly we see that we don't know all we thought we did." 
How to live in the present moment and let go of stressful thoughts: 
"Being open to uncertain outcomes and taking risks creates opportunities for unexpected discoveries." 
"If I should have a daughter..." A lovely spoken word poem: 
What advertising can teach us about ourselves: 
A funny, high-energy ode to mothers everywhere: 
10 talks to watch on Mother's Day: 
"Listening is what people who tell stories do first." 
What big brands know about you from every little thing you do online: 
9 talks on the power of the human body and the mindset we need to succeed: 
What doctors don't know about the drugs they prescribe: 
The psychology of advertising, and how brands get inside our brains (via @TEDRadioHour): 
"We can't change every little thing that happens to us in life, but we can change the way that we experience it." 
“Heart is what drives us and determines our fate.” - Isabel Allende 
"In music, we take something we love and we build on it." The exhilarating creativity of remixing: 
"Let's make sure our ideas of success are our own." A gentler way to think about success: 
"Classical music is for everybody." A truly delightful music lesson: 
How we can make filthy water drinkable -- and save millions of lives every single year: 
@nicolebarnes55 Glad to hear it!
What makes you attracted to someone? The science of sexual chemistry: 
@xkcdComic We posted a great talk by Randall Munroe today. Hope you'll check it out! 
@xkcdes We posted a great talk by Randall Munroe today if you want to check it out! 
@xkcdrss We posted a great talk by Randall Munroe today! Hope you'll check it out: 
What would happen if you tried to hit a baseball pitched at 90% of the speed of light? This:  
10 thoughtful talks on parenting to get you ready for #MothersDay: 
"The gray areas are where you find the complexity, the humanity, and the truth." 
"I am more scared of the bureaucrat that holds information in a desk drawer than I am of someone who leaks it." 
11 fascinating funeral traditions from around the world: 
How liberals and conservatives can work together to ease political conflicts: 
The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Here's why: 
@k_sutts What a lovely note, thank you! We couldn't do what we do without people like you watching :)
"Information is only of value if you give it to people with the ability to do something with it." 
"Human communities depend upon a diversity of talent, not a singular conception of ability." 
Haunting photos of polar ice that show the effects of climate change:  
5 moral values that shape our political views -- no matter how we vote: 
Meet a new robot full of personality in this wonderfully charming demo:  
"The great problem for reform or transformation is the tyranny of common sense." 
"Human flourishing is not a mechanical process; it's an organic process." Why we need personalized education: 
How do you solve a problem like the climate crisis? 
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day! 10 great talks by inspiring teachers: 
"Meetings and managers are two major problems in businesses today." Why work doesn't happen at work: 
Why the world needs all different kinds of minds: 
A squid as tall as a two-story house -- how ocean explorers finally caught a glimpse: 
"It's time for us to be comfortable with the uncomfortable conversation about race." 
"Four hours of uninterrupted time is the best gift you can give anybody at work." 
A gentler way to think about empathy and openness: 
11 hilarious improvised characters answer questions about the future: 
"Throughout sports, technology has changed the face of performance." 
How science can answer moral questions: 
6 master storytellers on the secrets of their craft: 
"Peacemaking is not a sprint. It is a marathon." 
7 great talks on the science and experience of autism: 
Why we must look at the big picture if we want to understand climate change: 
How does language affect the mind and body? 5 thought-provoking answers: 
"The separation between science and human values is an illusion." Here's why: 
"At some point in our lives, we all live in closets. But a closet is no place for a person to live." 
3 major reasons why athletic performance has improved so dramatically: 
"It's only in statistics that people go blind by the millions. The reality is that people go blind on their own." 
Why the common myths about stress are wrong -- and why the truth is better: 
What doctors don't know about the drugs they prescribe: 
"The answers to our questions are everywhere; we just need to change the lens with which we see the world." 
How our minds changed over the last century -- and why we're getting smarter: 
Why accepting that you may be wrong is the greatest moral, intellectual, and creative leap you can make: 
Watch these fascinating optical illusions that show how your senses work: 
How we can learn from the natural world to solve tough problems: 
The case for anonymity online: 
“The quest for knowledge and understanding never gets dull. The more you know, the more amazing the world seems." 
"Chasing meaning is better for your health than trying to avoid discomfort." 
How algorithms shape our world -- and why it's such a problem that we barely understand them: 
"We've reached the point where doctors can't know it all." Why we need a new approach to medicine: 
Why almost succeeding can be more satisfying than actually reaching your goal: 
"Those who fail get another opportunity. We always get another opportunity." 
How we can lower the cost of healthcare -- and deliver better treatment: 
"Games are a powerful platform for change." How online games can help us solve real-world problems: 
This new type of nuclear reactor could produce clean, cheap energy: 
How to get your ideas to spread: 
How a smartphone can prevent blindness at fraction of the usual cost [live demo]:  
What we can learn about choice and happiness from a surprising story about spaghetti sauce: 
If you want to be more creative, put yourself in environments like these: 
3 theories about why we sleep: 
"In embracing the diversity of human beings, we will find a sure way to true happiness." 
The fascinating science of mind-controlling parasites: 
"Our capacity to screw up is not some kind of embarrassing defect. It's fundamental to who we are." 
Are athletes really getting faster, better, stronger? Yes, and here's why: 
"Chance favors the connected mind." How good ideas are born: 
"The greater our proficiency, the more clearly we see that we don't know all that we thought we did." 
An incredible demo of exoskeletons that could give people superhuman strength: 
Gaza's only female photojournalist shares her incredible story:  
"Art can remake one's identity and transform preconceptions." 
Watch percussive guitarist and @TEDFellow Usman Riaz play NPR's #tinydesk - so good! 
What causes autism? A smart look at some of the latest research: 
"When it comes to war and conflict, if we stop communicating, nothing will be solved." 
5 ways to think about love (via @TEDRadioHour): 
The math behind Pixar's beloved movies: 
"Your home is whatever in this world you love more than you love yourself." - @GilbertLiz 
Photographers raise money with stunning photos after a deadly Everest landslide last week:  
How to find the courage to do what you love, even when failure is likely: 
Excited to see so many TED speakers on the TIME 100 list! Watch their talks here: 
If you don't already love classical music, you will after this talk: 
“You don’t need to be brilliant to be wise. But without wisdom, brilliance isn’t enough.” 
Why people believe weird things — and overlook the facts: 
Is this the computer of the future? Check out this incredibly cool demonstration: 
"We thrive not when we have done it all, but when we still have more to do." 
"In all #science, we're looking for a balance between data and theory." 
@VeronicaEos That's odd, it's working for us. Try this link instead: 
How online games can help us solve real-world problems: 
@Evolots Thanks! So glad to hear it :)
@hamishajolly Such a fascinating talk, Hamish! It's been a fun one to share :)
Celebrate William Shakespeare's birthday with some of his best pick-up lines and insults: 
"Great leaders dare to be different. They don't just talk about risk-taking; they actually do it." 
8 important talks on the climate crisis:  #EarthDay
The best stats you've ever seen: 
Stunning photos show the evolution of life on our planet. Happy Earth Day!  
Check out our favorite #TEDTalks to watch on #EarthDay. Enjoy! 
Why haven't we found alien life yet? A few possible answers: 
"We can't afford to lose any more bees." Why they're dying and what you can do to help:  #EarthDay
@TEDTalks And the winning names are... Jellius Caesar, Jellvis Presley, and Sting! Thanks for all your witty, brilliant suggestions :)
How a new type of nuclear reactor could produce clean, cheap energy: 
"We thrive when we stay at our own leading edge." 
"The humanity we all share is more important than the mental illness we may not." 
A great memory is not a gift -- it's learned. Here's how to do it: 
Get ready for #EarthDay with these fun @TED_Ed lessons: 
Help @TED_Ed win a Webby award for their amazing animated lessons! Vote here: 
"Numbers are the musical notes with which the symphony of the universe is written." 
"Mastery is not a commitment to a goal, but to a constant pursuit." 
"What you look like, age or gender, doesn't matter. It's just your ideas that count." 
Be better than Comic Sans. 
"My job is to awaken possibility in other people." 
"Stories have a unique ability to change a person's point of view." 
12 stupendous talks for word-lovers: 
A thoughtful discussion on faith and doubt (via @TEDRadioHour): 
"This is the single biggest ethical problem facing medicine today." 
How to spot a liar: 
"Every day, we should be striving to learn something new." What will you learn today? 
"The quest for knowledge never gets dull. The unanswered questions pull us forward." 
How you can help scientists discover new planets, identify cancer cells and more: 
"If we sugarcoat the present, we make bad decisions in the future." 
10 talks with great advice for parents: 
How do we smell? A fun lesson on the sense of smell (via @TED_Ed): 
What do you wish for? A modern art sculpture based on tweets that begin with "I wish..." 
"Gender has always been considered a fact, immutable. It's actually more fluid, complex, and mysterious." 
Vote for TED's podcast in @TheWebbyAwards if you like watching talks on your phone! 
8 cool facts about clouds, just for fun on a Friday: 
@metronewyork Great list! Thank you for including us!
"By accepting a constraint, are you working to a lower standard?" A lovely talk on design: 
@cubman10 If only we knew... ;)
@JRCarmichael We misspoke -- it's the first Earth-size planet in a star's habitable zone. Sorry about the confusion!
Big news: @NASA discovered the first Earth-size planet in a star's habitable zone! How we can find more like it: 
@mwlphelps Thanks for the correction -- so sorry about that error! We've deleted the incorrect tweet and we're correcting it now.
@therobdale Thanks for the correction -- so sorry about that error! We've deleted the incorrect tweet and we're correcting it now.
"Lying is a cooperative act. Its power emerges when someone else agrees to believe the lie." 
"Diets may seem harmless, but they actually do a lot of collateral damage." Here's why: 
How your language changes the way you think: 
Why we believe false memories and think they really happened: 
"Reading and educating your emotions is one of the central activities of wisdom." 
How new technology could help us find other Earth-like planets: 
Tech entrepreneurs: Win a $5 million prize to boost graduation rates for community college students  #RHPrize
How one doctor helps transgender teens become who they want to be: 
Help us win a Webby! Vote for TED in the online film and video category:  #Webbys
Is there life on other planets? This new starshade could help us find it:  
"We spend so much time talking past each other and not enough time talking through our disagreements." 
3 types of motivation that drive creative work: 
"There is a rich tradition in Islam of talking frankly about sex." How and why that changed: 
"Bionics are beginning to bridge the gap between human limitation and human potential." 
@TezTanis Ha! Love the hashtag. Link to vote:  &amp; hearts/cookies for after you vote: 
@kaysarahsera Love it -- very clever ;)
@JenLFink Haha we haven't thought about an octopus yet! And yes, the jellyfish are a bit high maintenance, mainly for feeding &amp; temperature.
The 11 best technology demos at TED: 
@sonyapaclob So, weird fact..jellyfish can't feed themselves. We use a turkey baster to feed them a plankton concoction.
We got jellyfish at the #TED office! Now we need to name them -- any clever suggestions for us? 
"Not doing anything puts them at risk of suicide." A doctor's personal story of treating transgender teens: 
"Student questions are the seeds of real learning." Why curiosity is essential to education: 
This talk will completely change the way you think about stress: 
"Passion is what will help you create the highest expression of your talent." 
"A child's happiness is a very unfair burden to place on a parent." Here's why: 
How next-generation bionics helped a Boston bombing victim dance again:  #BostonStrong
How the gap between humans and computers is shrinking: 
“Curiosity is the engine of achievement.” 
"We will not be intimidated, brought down, diminished, conquered, or stopped by acts of violence." 
"The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult, but rather better adults than you have been." 
How do you want to be remembered when you die? A thoughtful talk from @nytdavidbrooks: 
This plant is over 3,000 years old. A look at the world's oldest living things:  
“The more options there are, the easier it is to regret the option that you chose.” 
Dan Gilbert corrects 3 mistakes in his classic talk on the surprising science of happiness: 
How good stories can change the way we see the world:  (via @TEDRadioHour)
How love and consumerism have gotten all mixed up: 
We're up for a Webby award for social media! Hearts and cookies to everyone who votes for us:  #Webbys
The hidden world of microbes in your gut, and why they're so important:  (via @TED_Ed)
10 clever time-saving technology tips: 
How to create the perfect made-up language: 
"Be the first, because people will follow you. Be bold. Stand up. Be fearless." 
"To be tender is to accept your loved one's weaknesses." 
How do your eyes see color? This fun animation explains:  (via @TED_Ed)
8 brilliant talks on math to blow your mind: 
Thanks to @TheWebbyAwards for nominating us in 6 categories! Vote here: 
"Being open to uncertain outcomes and taking risks creates opportunities for unexpected discoveries." 
Fascinating studies on the psychology of smiling: 
"The world I believe in is one where we're measured by our ability to overcome adversities, not avoid them." 
How to protect yourself from cybercrime online:  #heartbleed
"If we lose ice, we stand to lose an entire ecosystem." How climate change affects Arctic mammals: 
A monkey that controls a robot with its thoughts. No, really. 
“Time disappears. You forget yourself. You feel part of something larger.” The psychology of flow: 
How a self-published teen author earned 19 million readers -- and a book deal: 
"My spirit is strong as ever. I'm still fighting to make the world a better place." - Gabby Giffords 
"It's not happiness that makes us grateful; it's gratefulness that makes us happy." 
"Technology is merely a tool that you can use for both good and bad purposes." 
Stunning photos of people thriving in unexpected places:  
How to protect yourself online, esp important after the major Internet security bug found this week: 
This is what a mental brainstorm sounds like: 
"We hold the master key to happiness in our own hands." 
This is a microscopic photo of a butterfly egg. An astonishing look at nature:  
"We've reached the point where doctors can't know it all. We can't do it all by ourselves." 
Stunning natural wonders too small for your eyes to see: 
How new technology is changing the future of crime: 
How teachers can bring the magic back to the classroom and reignite students' imaginations:  #education
"Attachment to our own rightness keeps us from preventing mistakes and causes us to treat each other terribly." 
How Dothraki was created for #GameofThrones, plus tips for making the perfect made-up language: 
"Chasing meaning is better for your health than trying to avoid discomfort." 
10 fascinating talks on the future of medicine, in honor of World Health Day: 
If you want to be creative, put yourself in environments like these: 
"Cities are fundamentally about people." How great public spaces make cities work: 
"An idea is a network -- a new configuration that has never formed before." 
"The time has come to stop raising animals industrially and stop eating them thoughtlessly." 
"Well-being is not just a mere pleasurable sensation. It is a deep sense of serenity and fulfillment." 
"Less meat, less junk, more plants." Why it's so important that we change the way we eat: 
5 fascinating insights on money and the mind: 
"When you give people a sense of hope, you begin to thaw that absolute sense of impossibility." 
What does it feel like to go to TED? @lucyfj captures the experience in this gorgeous, interactive infographic: 
Watch these fascinating optical illusions that show how your senses work: 
Need a burst of inspiration? 10 talks to spark your inner creative spirit: 
"Our control of the outer world is limited, temporary, and often, illusory." 
An interactive look at health topics and ideas discussed at #TED2014. Love this!  (made by @RJWF)
"There is a flaw at the core of the operating system of this democracy." A passionate call for political reform: 
"We are one people, promised a government dependent on the people alone, not the rich more than the poor." 
5 days of TED in one beautiful, interactive infographic:  #TED2014
Extraordinary stories of love, no matter what: 
"A lot of the time the question of parenthood is, what do we validate in our children, and what do we cure in them?" 
"My prediction is that we’re going to ingest information. You’re going to swallow a pill and know Shakespeare." 
Why social media "likes" say more about you than you might think (seriously, it's disturbing): 
"They need to have a sense that their own work is important." -Bill Gates, on why his kids won't inherit his billions 
Why Bill and Melinda Gates are giving 95% of their assets to charity &amp; asking other billionaires to do the same: 
"People don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it." 
"If you take from the most wealthy and give to the least wealthy, it's good. It starts to balance out." - Bill Gates 
One simple thing that truly great leaders do to inspire change: 
"Doing science feels glorious, vertiginous, impossibly grand — an adventure waiting to be written." 
Something fun for April Fools... introducing TED: The Musical. Enjoy! :) 
The fascinating technology behind this 745-foot sculpture viewers control w/ their phones:  
One of the biggest physics discoveries in recent history, explained in under 5 minutes:  #science
Where's Google going next? CEO Larry Page shares his far-off vision: 
How should we talk about transgender issues? Advice in honor of International Transgender Day of Visibility: 
"We have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned." 
"I want to help others live their truth without shame and terror." Supermodel Geena Rocero on why she must come out: 
8 TED Talks about #climatechange -- and what we can do about it: 
Should you trust your first impression? The psychology of snap judgments: 
Why talent often has little to do with success: 
"Your rights matter because you never know when you're going to need them." - Edward Snowden 
What are the lives of Chinese factory workers really like? Stories that challenge our assumptions: 
@Mattb_CX Certainly! We have TEDx events around the world. You can find one near you here: 
The surprising science of happiness: 
The future is coming. 6 ways it will change everything: 
5 dangerous things you should let your kids do: 
What if the best way to help kids learn is to stop trying so hard to keep them safe? Why a little danger can be good: 
Want to help fight corruption and end anonymous companies? Here's what you can do:  cc @TEDprize @charmian
What will be the most important driver of change in the future? Cast your vote: 
Watch Adrianne Haslet-Davis dance for the first time since the Boston Marathon bombing: 
This talk is a brilliantly funny, fascinating adventure in weird science. Worth a watch, for sure: 
These are tiny grains of sand, shown under a 3D microscope. For more cool photos:  
Could tweeting a picture of your cat get you killed? How @delbius thinks about protecting your safety on Twitter: 
"The riskiest thing you can do now is be safe. The safe thing to do is to be at the fringes, be remarkable." 
"A little bit of fear in a safe place, when you're sure you'll come out the other end, teaches you to be brave.” 
"Visionaries not only believe that the impossible can be done, but that it must be done." 
@BakerRachel @edyong209 Aw you're missing out! It's pretty fascinating :)
“We think we have to be successful, then we’ll be happier. But our brains work in the opposite order." 
Yes, that’s @Cmdr_Hadfield wearing the Oculus Rift. (And yes, the Internet just exploded.) 
A spectacular talk on...parasites. Trust us, it's amazing.  cc @edyong209
"Autonomous vehicles will be the key technology that enables us to redesign civilization." Here's why: 
How our minds changed dramatically over the last century -- and why we're getting smarter: 
A midnight ghost story by Neil Gaiman, and a lovely reflection on the role of horror in our lives:  cc @neilhimself
“It’s easier now than ever before to make a good living, but harder to stay calm, to be free of career anxiety.” 
"People are genuinely capable of arguing each other into new beliefs that ultimately will benefit humanity." 
“A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.” 
"Let's make sure our ideas of success are our own, that we are truly the authors of our own ambitions." 
"'Olé!' to you, just for having the sheer human love and stubbornness to keep showing up." 
"Science is integral for bringing about social change." 
What will be the most important driver of change in the future? Tell us your vote! 
"I used education for emancipation. I taught my girl students to unlearn the lesson of obedience." 
Ken Robinson chooses his 10 favorite talks on education: 
@hemmm These are great!
"Why is my daughter so strong? Because I didn't clip her wings." A beautiful talk on empowering women: 
"We travel through life trapped in this little bubble of feeling very right about everything." Why that's a problem: 
A fascinating talk on sex in the animal kingdom: 
"Stories can break the dignity of a people, but stories can also repair that broken dignity." 
Great video about the technology behind the floating sculpture outside #TED2014:  via @FastCoCreate
@brainpicker Great roundup!
Larry Page discusses the future of Google with Charlie Rose at #TED2014: 
@susancain @Andrew_Solomon Seconded. Wonderful talk today.
@DumitruOnceanu It'll be up through March 23, so just a couple more days.
This gorgeous floating sculpture is 745 feet tall and weighs 3,500 pounds! Made by @studioechelman w/ @aaronkoblin: 
@Icewalker1974 Throughout the year -- one new talk per day. You can check out the first four on 
@KurtisKolt They'll go up over the year. We release one new talk per day -- 4 talks from this year are already up: 
@cindygallop We just went through the #socialsoul station and you're our social soul mate! Just wanted to say hi :) cc @Delta
That's a wrap, folks! Thank you all for a wonderful #TED2014. We can't wait to share the videos online! 
"Forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom." - Andrew Solomon #TED2014
"Fold the worst events in your life into a narrative of triumph." - Andrew Solomon #TED2014
"I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me." - Andrew Solomon #TED2014
"We cannot bear a pointless torment, but we can endure great pain if we think it is purposeful." - Andrew Solomon #TED2014
"Get involved with your community. Be a leader. Be passionate, be courageous, be your best self." - Gabby Giffords #TED2014
@somimusic You were wonderful!
"Education is what people do to you, and learning is what you do to yourself. You need to learn how to learn." - Joi Ito #TED2014
"Listen to understand. By just being there, you may be the turning point that they need." - Kevin Briggs, on preventing suicide #TED2014
"Great leaders would never sacrifice the people to save the numbers. They would sooner sacrifice the numbers." - Simon Sinek #TED2014
"Many people at the top of organizations are not leaders &amp; many at the bottom w/ no authority are absolutely leaders." Simon Sinek #TED2014
@SaraRamirez Thank you so much, Sara! We're so happy to hear that :)
10 great quotes about design:  #TED2014
"Your best-laid plans cannot exceed what happens spontaneously.” Brian Henson on puppetry in a digital age:  #TED2014
OK Internet, the #NSA's response to Edward Snowden's TED Talk is ready to watch. What do you think?  #TED2014
How we can help prevent the corruption that fuels drug trafficking, blood diamonds, and more:  #GlobeTED
"Happiness is not a finish line, and if we can't feel content amid the mess and the striving, we might never feel it." Ben Saunders #TED2014
@k3r3n3 hey keren! you around? have a quick question if you're free to chat. thanks!
@k3r3n3 @amandapalmer @neilhimself aww love this picture!
"We thrive not when we have done it all, but when we still have more to do." - Sarah Lewis #TED2014
"Mastery is not a commitment to a goal, but to a constant pursuit." - Sarah Lewis #TED2014
"I think it's time for us to be comfortable with the uncomfortable conversation of race." - Mellody Hobson #TED2014
"Invite ppl into your life who don't look or act like you. You might find they challenge your assumptions &amp; make you grow." -Hobson #TED2014
Check out these notes from #TED2014 attendees -- beautiful thoughts and drawings on each session!  #OneNote
"Change what you are doing; change your world. And if enough people do that, we can change the world." - Ken Robinson #TED2014
"Our education systems squander huge amounts of children's talent. And it's not an accident; it's systemic." - Ken Robinson #TED2014
"By the courage of our convictions and the boldness of our actions, we can try to make the world a little better." -Michael Shermer #TED2014
"I am more scared of the bureaucrat that holds information in a desk drawer than I am of someone who leaks it." -Stanley McChrystal #TED2014
We're excited to team up with @xprize to develop #AI that can deliver the first humanless TED talk!  #TED2014
@WeAreListen Just a heads up that TEDcouver is a parody account. We're the real deal :)
@eLeM_14 @TEDchris Thank you!
@Jmart4info @TEDchris Allowing and encouraging an open debate. Snowden's intvw was great if you haven't seen it yet: 
@eLeM_14 @TEDchris This is just about allowing an open debate. Snowden spoke too, watch here: 
@bobthecowboy Snowden spoke at TED on Tues &amp; the NSA agreed to an interview w/ Chris in response. Watch Snowden here: 
@ApuFenci We asked about immunity and even working with Snowden in the interview. Watch for it online this afternoon.
@kariorn Snowden spoke at TED on Tuesday. Here's the link: 
@austin91210 The full interview will be online later today -- watch for our post
@_RadRyan We invited an open debate about Snowden's appearance at TED on Tuesday. The NSA took us up on it.
The #NSA's interview with Chris Anderson in response to Snowden at #TED2014 will be online later today -- watch for our post!
"Learn the facts, look at the data. Don't rely on headlines or soundbites or one-sided conversations." - NSA responds to Snowden at #TED2014
"We need to be more transparent, but not to expose operations in a way that allows the 'bad guys' to counter." - NSA on Snowden at #TED2014
"We need to care enough to connect, to put ourselves at emotional risk and play one note worth hearing." - Seth Godin #TED2014
@alphatheta87 @shondarhimes Snowden is already up; NSA response will be up this afternoon. You can see Snowden here: 
"Access to information is a critical currency of power." - Keren Elazari, cybersecurity expert #TED2014
Remember when @TEDchris said we welcome a debate about Edward Snowden's appearance at TED? Well, the #NSA responds now at #TED2014.
@JodieMartinson Haha we were just thinking the same thing :)
How TED Prize winner @Charmian Gooch is helping to illuminate the murky world of global finance:  (via @NPR)
"I designed my future by daydreaming it. We can act on our imaginations." - Aimee Mullins #TED2014
@AimeeMullins It was wonderful! Inspiring and articulate, as always :)
"We are one people, promised a government dependent on the people -- not the rich more than the poor." - Lawrence Lessig #TED2014
"America has a legacy of racial injustice that we've never really dealt with. Slavery didn't end, it just evolved." Bryan Stevenson #TED2014
Stunning shot of the entry to the #TED2014 theater: 
Tim Berners-Lee asks: If we created a Magna Carta for the world wide web, what rights would you include? #TED2014
"We must protest and make sure that censorship is cut down." - Tim Berners-Lee, on the open web #TED2014
#TED2014 Adrianne Haslet-Davis dances again for the first time since she lost a leg in the Boston Marathon attack: 
"We're beginning the age in which machines attached to our bodies will make us stronger and more efficient." - Hugh Herr #TED2014
"Tremendous good can come from people sharing the right information with the right people in the right way." Larry Page, on privacy #TED2014
"We need to know what surveillance the govt is doing. We need to debate that, or we can't have a functioning democracy." Larry Page #TED2014
"Data can help you make a good design great, but it will never make a bad design good." - Margaret Gould Stewart #TED2014
@angelikaprez @SaraRamirez Hi Angelika, TED is a conference about ideas worth spreading w/ talks on science, art, culture, technology &amp; more
"Gender identity is core to our being &amp; sometimes that assignment doesn't match. There shld be space to self-identify" Geena Rocero #TED2014
"Understanding the underlying mechanisms of human experience is the greatest scientific quest of all time." - Nancy Kanwisher #TED2014
Watch Chris Hadfield at #TED2014: What I learned about fear when I went blind in space  @Cmdr_Hadfield
In case you missed it: Google co-founder Sergey Brin chatting with Edward Snowden at #TED2014  via @TEDchris
@aishwarya105 More talks will be up each day this week!
@greenurlifenow @ZiauddinY You can read the recap here! 
"Companies were created to give people a chance to innovate; they were never intended to be used as a moral shield." @charmian #TED2014
@orientalist @charmian so glad you're enjoying it! She's actually at @Global_Witness - they're doing some incredible work!
What are anonymous companies? Learn more about @charmian's wish to fix this injustice:  #infographic #TED2014
MT @twitxaf Key takeaway from the Gates's talk: Big data needs to be coupled with an understanding of people to be truly effective. #TED2014
"If you don't have an effective teacher in front of the classroom, you won't change the trajectory for students." - Melinda Gates #TED2014
It's up! Watch the full video of Edward Snowden's live interview at #TED2014. Enjoy! 
"Human beings are works in progress that mistakenly think they're finished." - Dan Gilbert #TED2014
Stunning timelapse video of the week-long build for our custom theater at #TED2014:  
Want to join us at #TED2014? We'll have a free livestream tonight! Tune in at 6pm PT to watch:  
@sherrinford221b our video team is working on it now, so close! we're aiming for 4pm PT
@sameenaxo Full video will be up online this afternoon!
Edward Snowden wearing his new #TED2014 speaker badge: 
Full video of Edward Snowden's talk at #TED2014 will be up this afternoon -- hold tight!
"I didn't do this to be safe; I did this to do what was right. I'm not going to stop my work in the public interest" Edward Snowden #TED2014
Tim Berners-Lee, creator of the world wide web, joins @TEDchris to interview Edward Snowden. #TED2014
"We need to encode our values not just in writing, but in the structure of the Internet." - Edward Snowden, #TED2014
"Our basic freedoms are not a partisan issue." - Edward Snowden, #TED2014
"The public interest is not always the same as the national interest." - Edward Snowden #TED2014
"Your rights matter because you never know when you're going to need them." - Edward Snowden #TED2014
Edward Snowden on stage at #TED2014 now: 
"We need our companies to work very hard to represent the needs of the user and advocate for their rights." - Edward Snowden, #TED2014
"We can have a dialogue that informs the public without putting national security at risk." - Edward Snowden, #TED2014
"Who I am doesn't matter. What matters is the kind of government we want; the relationship btwn people &amp; society." -Edward Snowden #TED2014
@gracerodriguez great quote!
"Architecture is about the visceral emotional connections we feel to the places we occupy." - Marc Kushner, #TED2014
"[Visionaries] not only believe that the impossible can be done, but that it must be done." - Bran Ferren #TED2014
@davidkwong We're so excited to have you!
@lucyfj great shot!
"We live in the post-sampling era. We take things we love &amp; build on them. It's a chance to be part of the evolution." -Mark Ronson #TED2014
"People ask me, what did I do to make Malala so bold &amp; courageous? I did not clip her wings." - Ziauddin Yousafzai, Malala's father #TED2014
"By looking at the difference btwn perceived danger and actual danger, you can fundamentally change your reaction." -Chris Hadfield #TED2014
"You see, because of the speed, a sunrise or sunset every 45 minutes for half a year." - Chris Hadfield, on life in space #TED2014
#TED2014 kicks off w/ Nicholas Negroponte who first spoke at TED in 1984. Hear what he predicted back then: 
@brainpicker Isn't she amazing? Her story is so powerful and her work is stunning.
.@TEDFellow Sergei Lupashin w/ 3 flying cameras -- one took this picture! For journalists, naturalists, or you? 
@riverrockcasino Thank you! We're thrilled to be here!
@market_wright Thank you! We're excited to be here!
"We need to embrace data &amp; one way to do that is mass participation in science: crowd-sourcing." Try it out:  #TED2014
"A wall of anger, ignorance &amp; hatred separates us. We need to bring down the walls that separate people." @TEDFellow Aziz Abu Sarah #TED2014
@moekhajavi :)
@borabot We can't wait to see your performance and talk today too!
"Women and girls are incredibly vulnerable when they come into conflict with the law in Africa." - @TEDFellow Alexander McLean #TED2014
#TED2014 starts now! A sneak peek of the mainstage: 
@simonsinek @amyjccuddy aww love it! Looks like a fun flight :)
@amyjccuddy @TEDRadioHour @globeandmail Great article, Amy!
In today's world, has reasoned thinking finally lost its power? Two great thinkers debate: 
"Infidelity doesn't necessarily signal an unhappy relationship." 
@ZakEbrahim The blog writers are all sitting in rehearsals talking about how much we love your badge categories. Amazing.
@RealistAbbs :)
@sarahelizalewis We're excited to have you!
@KTeaBe Thanks! We're excited to share them with you! Watch for new talks from this week starting on Tuesday :)
We're so excited about the theater for #TED2014...can't wait to show you the final reveal tomorrow! Sneak peek: 
This comedian with cerebral palsy will make you think twice about the word 'disability' 
"Real equality means creating a much wider range of equally respected choices for women and for men." 
Creative ideas about how to solve seemingly impossible problems: 
"In order to make anything a reality, you have to dream about it first." 
Think you know a thing or two about sex? The surprising science behind how animals get it on: 
10 ads we loved this year that communicate bold ideas. Watch now:  #adsworthspreading
Science like you have never seen it before:  
"Arrogance kills curiosity and passion." 
Would you pay to jump the line for a medical procedure? Should you be able to? Join the debate:  #GlobeTED
"The work that women have traditionally done is just as important as the work that men have traditionally done." 
How do we solve seemingly impossible problems? A few creative ideas: 
"Art is a deception that creates real emotions -- a lie that creates a truth." 
A funny, fascinating talk on sex in the animal kingdom: 
"Government is about many things, but promoting human dignity is central to its very purpose."  #GlobeTED
"The revolution for human equality will happen -- it is happening. How far and how fast is up to us." 
Can we all "have it all"? A thought-provoking talk on work-life balance: 
Happy #PiDay! Two fascinating talks to watch as you celebrate: 
"What you look like, age or gender, doesn't matter. It's just your ideas that count." 
The psychology of pleasure and pain: 
8 stunning performances by musical virtuosos: 
"If you raise your level of positivity, then your brain performs significantly better." 
5 books for introverts, recommended by @susancain: 
"We've got to work on developing all different kinds of minds." 
"Vulnerability is the birthplace of innovation, creativity, and change." 
“Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure.” 
#tbt Watch Sony debut the compact disc at the very first TED conference back in 1984: 
The science of spicy foods (via @TED_Ed): 
What will sports look like in the future? 3 experts discuss: 
7 fun experiments you can do with DNA: 
Should your mayor get involved in national and world politics? 4 forward-thinking mayors discuss:  #GlobeTED
"Real equality means creating a much wider range of equally respected choices for women and for men." 
“People don’t buy what you do; people buy why you do it.” 
The math behind musical beats: 
How one activity you do every day made the human brain possible: 
What if superheroes were real? Here's what might happen:  (via @TED_Ed)
"Don't divide the world into creatives and non-creatives. Help people realize they are naturally creative." 
"Introverted leaders often deliver better outcomes than extroverts do." Find out why: 
This magician's last trick is the most impressive feat of mental math we've ever seen: 
How the adolescent brain works, and why teenagers act the way they do: 
We're excited to announce the #TED2014 All-Stars -- popular speakers returning to speak this year! See the lineup: 
"The human ability to adapt is our greatest asset." 
"The 15 largest ships pollute as much as all the cars in the world." 
An ingenious new app that helps kids with #autism communicate: 
Want to love your job? 8 inspiring talks on how to be happy at work: 
"We've got to work on developing all different kinds of minds." 
"Vulnerability is the birthplace of innovation, creativity, and change." 
If you have ever suffered from depression, or known someone who has, this is a must watch: 
"I was six when the Taliban took over Afghanistan and made it illegal for girls to go to school." 
Watch for a brilliant shot of a bat drinking nectar with a tongue 1.4 times its height: 
"Reputation is what you are perceived to be; character is what you really are. And character is much more important." 
“I see a world where editing memories is something of a reality." The science of the spotless mind: 
“We can’t reliably distinguish true memories from false memories." 
"The very ingredients that nurture love are sometimes the very ingredients that stifle desire.” 
"We spend so much time talking past each other and not enough talking through our disagreements." 
"Ultimately, you judge the character of a society by how they treat the poor, the condemned, the incarcerated." 
How we can go beyond our senses to experience the world more fully: 
A fascinating look inside your cells:  #science
"Willpower is about being able to hold opposites." How willpower works -- and how to increase yours: 
This is your brain on sugar:  (via @TED_Ed)
10 extraordinary women whose ideas you need to hear: 
"The only thing that limits us is our imagination." 
"If you make the effort to do the best you're capable of, that's success. I don't think others can judge that." 
How a tiny paper microscope could revolutionize healthcare in developing countries (w/ a fascinating demonstration): 
@jilleduffy Thanks! Glad you like it :)
10 outstanding talks by women whose ideas are changing the world: 
Hey @parksandrecnbc, nothing beats the real thing.   #ParksandRec 
"If you could control someone's attention, what would you do with it?" 
“Vulnerability is not weakness. And that myth is profoundly dangerous.” 
How to spot headlines that are just bad science: 
Who owns your DNA? 
"The more options there are, the easier it is to regret the option that you chose." 
Hey all, our streaming provider is having some trouble, so you may have video playback issues. Will be resolved soon!
"Positive findings are around twice as likely to be published as negative findings." 
Why do we cry? The three types of tears:  via @TED_Ed
@leigh_est So glad to hear it!
@TED_Tweets Hi! I run social media at TED. We love your tweets, but we need you to clearly state this is not an official account. Thanks!
@TED_TALKS Hi! I run social media at TED. We love your tweets, but we need you to clearly state this is not an official account. Thank you!
@mika_jo Hi Alicia! @TEDTalks is our primary account, so you can follow us there! Sorry for the confusion :)
"If you raise your level of positivity, then your brain performs significantly better." 
In memory of Sherwin Nuland and the extraordinary story of how he overcame severe depression: 
"Every human being needs to listen consciously in order to live fully." 
This problem is a cancer at the core of evidence-based medicine: 
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original." 
What AZT was originally made to treat + 9 more drugs that turned out to have other uses: 
“Familiarity is the gateway drug to empathy." 
Is our universe the only universe? An exhilarating case for the multiverse: 
A charming interview with @bjnovak on his new short story about a billionaire who misinterprets a TED talk: 
12 #TED Talks with smart life advice: 
@AllAmericanEnt_ Thank you! So glad to hear it!
@_evanmcg Thanks!
@_lilchen Thanks, Lil :)
@a_rita_v Thank you! So glad to hear it :)
@CtheLoop Thanks!
@thegraemegordon Thanks!
Where's the cure for cancer? 5 talks on exciting progress: 
@RetweetPhoenix Why thank you!
@leigh_est Thanks! So glad to hear it!
@ob_md Welcome to the beta :). Back up and running now!
@izzerdthewizerd Thanks! :)
@HadesNX01 Thank you! Glad you think so :)
@khandishka Thanks!
How a casino surveillance program represents the future of business: 
@JodiNelson_1 Love that summary, thank you :)
@MrTDyson Thanks!
@meltonannie1 Thank you! So happy to hear that :)
@johncary Thanks so much, John!
@ghpetiot Glad you enjoyed it!
@LCUK_Ltd @TEDchris Thank you! So glad you like it :)
@thatRoyce Thank you!
@bitches_work Thanks! :)
@jackappleby @TEDchris Thanks, Jack! We're looking into the mobile loading issue and will hopefully have that fixed soon.
@changememe @brainpicker Hmm good to know, looking into where those went and how we might make that easier for you!
@AllieMarieBee So glad you like it! That's our favorite new feature too :)
@BreneBrown Thanks, Brene! :)
The new and improved  is live! Now you can dig deeper into ideas, see your influence &amp; more: 
@Cloe_Shasha Yay, thanks Cloe!
@brainpicker Thank you!! So happy to hear that you like it -- enjoy :)
@HelenWalters YAYY!!!!! :)
@PND_XII Thanks! So glad you like it :)
@lmolliepop So glad you like it!
@BenLillie Thanks for sharing this, Ben :)
This is your brain on sugar:  via @TED_ED
@LisaDesberg Interesting! You may also like Hyeonseo Lee's talk on leaving North Korea. 
@YoungAdultsUK As do we, welcome :)
@tun_cornmeal Thanks, so glad you like it!
@semix2 Thanks! I'll let them know.
@JerryMJustice Aw thanks!
@semix2 OK I let our support team know about this, so they'll reach out to you directly. Thanks!
@3dSectorFutures Hmm we're on Chrome and it's working for us. What device are you using? Let's get this sorted out!
@swim5k So glad! We especially love that last trick.
Do we need humans? The promise and peril of our relationship with technology: 
@tipokillao Ah, thank you. OK I'll report that as a bug and hopefully we'll have it fixed soon. Thanks for letting us know!
@_ray_baybay That sounds like bliss :)
@MattBrownGD Thank you so much! Glad you like it :)
@vishaldwivedi9 Thanks! :)
@JamesDurling You're most welcome!
@gabriellabritth Thank you, Gabriella!
@12mass Aw shucks, you're making us blush! :)
@shressuraj Thank you! So glad you like it :)
@zomboof You're actually spreading a false rumor -- we have no relationship with Monsanto. Please see: 
@3dSectorFutures Far left in the same row as the talk title under the video, there's a full screen option. Let us know if you don't see it!
@chrisdemetriou2 Thank you! :)
@helloannaleigh Thanks! :)
Watch this amazing response to an innocent but offensive question: 
@TEDiSUB Let us know if you run into any issues with the site while you make those changes. Thanks!
@tipokillao Hi again, can you share which device you're using? You can also report the problem directly at 
@tipokillao Hmm let's see if we can get that fixed. We'll let the engineers know!
Does your language change the way you understand the world? 
"Few people follow their dreams — not because it’s difficult, but because we avoid that sensation of uncertainty." 
How #cancer cells grow, and how chemotherapy fights cancer:  via @TED_Ed
"Imagine if we could leapfrog language and communicate directly with human thought." How it might work: 
Did you know #TED's on Instagram? Come learn something new every day:  
"If a little boy leads, there's no negative word for it; it's expected. But if a little girl leads, she's bossy." 
Trippy new science that may make it possible for brain scans to read your mind: 
The real reason why humans have brains: 
"Can changing how you think about stress make you healthier? The science says yes." 
"Even at its best, dieting is a waste of time and energy." Why diets rarely work: 
Why we experience pain, and how pain relievers work: 
Are all new ideas a mash-up of what came before? 
5 historical moments that changed how we think about sex: 
The psychology of pleasure and pain: 
A lively performance of mathematical magic tricks: 
How to unleash your creativity: 
“Scientific truth isn’t final, but constantly evolving.” 
"The simplest questions can carry you out to the edge of human knowledge." 
How does your brain work? 8 fascinating talks explain: 
"My pain has given me perspective, and my hurt has forced me to have hope." @KevinBreel 
"There is a rich tradition in Islam of talking frankly about sex." How and why that changed: 
The psychology of evil: 
Why do diets often fail? Blame it on your brain: 
A troubling power imbalance that affects how much you pay in taxes: 
"Don't kill your language." Why a nation's language is so vital to its future: 
What it takes to be a great leader in today's world: 
“Gardening is the most therapeutic and defiant act you can do, especially in the inner city." @RonFinleyHQ 
“Most heroes are everyday people.” 
@VANweloveyou Great choices, thank you for sharing this! We're excited to come to Vancouver :)
What we can learn from galaxies far, far away: 
"At the end of my life, I want to be able to say I contributed more than I criticized." @BreneBrown 
"Science is a rough draft." 
“If we study what is merely average, we will remain merely average.” 
“The problem with stereotypes is not that they are untrue, but that they are incomplete." 
"I don't accept subtractive models of love, only additive ones." 
Could we print money for global aid without risking inflation? Here's how it might work: 
How artist Liu Bolin makes himself disappear (VIDEO):  #timelapse
11 fun, fascinating ways to learn about #science online: 
How scientists are learning to switch single brain cells on and off: 
How to make the world a better place for introverts: 
Why good hackers make good citizens: 
"I'm arguing against the shame that's associated with desire." 
How our brains work -- and why we think the way we do:  #playlist
How music can be used in medicine: 
"Hacking has equal power for good as it has for evil." 
@Foodritionista Thank you!! :)
Clever photos that will make you look twice:  
"Getting the cause and effect right makes all the difference in the world." 
What happens in the brain during an epiphany? The neuroscience of aha moments: 
"Stories can punch holes in our mental walls." 
Your annual reading list -- great books by #TED2014 speakers: 
New hope for treating Alzheimer's and other brain diseases: 
How your body language shapes who you are:  @amyjccuddy
Why people believe weird things: 
"The day we might be able to repair the damaged brain is sooner than we think." 
"If we understood our cognitive limitations, we could design a better world." 
How much should parents control their children's genes? The murky ethics of designer babies: 
10 things you didn't know about orgasm: 
"The opposite of depression is not happiness, but vitality." 
"Science is a way of looking for natural explanations for all phenomena." 
@BoldfaceGear totally agree :)
@slydell We obviously support that decision. ;)
@thatguybaz Aww thanks! :)
@Narrartive That's awesome!
@hiheyimalex Thanks :) So glad you're liking the redesign!
@ergognomist Seems like they go hand in hand -- each would drive the other.
"I skip the canvas. If I paint your portrait, I'm painting it on you -- physically on you."  
“The most important quality of science or art is curiosity." 
Which comes first—desire or arousal? 6 fascinating studies on human sexuality: 
“Anger is like gasoline. If you spray it around and somebody lights a match, you've got an inferno." 
Haunting photos of environmental destruction:  
“Next time you face something unexpected, unwanted and uncertain, consider that it just may be a gift.” 
Inside a lab that's growing custom-designed bones:  #science #technology
"Take the armor off; be yourself." A powerful talk on facing hard conversations with courage: 
@chiefneil23 Well you know our vote :)
Today, the Bionic Woman can print her own parts. Here's how it works: 
@VideoCate Great pick - enjoy! What else do you have lined up?
@negifted @brianhousand What a great idea!
@MsBlackhart No worries, we didn't take it personally :). So glad you liked the quote!
@mpetersen209 That's really a misrepresentation of us. Please take a look at our letter on this issue here: 
"The pursuit of normality is the ultimate sacrifice of potential." 
Why the obesity crisis may be masking a bigger problem: 
@Koontz_y We're completely open to hosting a talk on abortion. Please suggest a speaker here! 
@LingfengGe Thanks for pointing that out! We'll fix that asap
@Laura_M_ODea Why thank you! We're blushing :)
4 ways that language affects the way we think: 
“Every child deserves a champion — an adult who insists that they become the best they can possibly be.” 
A glimpse of how deeply the natural world is interconnected (VIDEO): 
How scientists are growing organs, printing kidneys, and shaping the future of the human body: 
Are humans designed to be sexual omnivores? 
"Each of us is more than the worst thing we've ever done." 
"Great leaders are not head down. They see around corners, shaping their future, not just reacting to it." 
"You cannot selectively numb emotion. When we numb hard feelings, we numb joy, gratitude, happiness.” 
How the adolescent brain works, and why teenagers act the way they do: 
An adorable interview with Kid President to brighten your afternoon:  @iamkidpresident
The Internet is full of false information and fake news. Here's how to find the truth: 
"We’ve lost sight of an education system that teaches how to ethically, effectively &amp; intelligently engage the world" 
3 things great leaders do differently to thrive in today's world: 
How does money change behavior? 6 interesting studies on how money affects the mind: 
"Scientific truth isn't final, but constantly evolving." 
"Our responsibility is not simply shielding those we care for from adversity, but preparing them to meet it well." 
How highly creative people borrow ideas for inspiration: 
How to spot overblown claims about the brain: 
"Everything at some point comes from nature &amp; it's how you use the material that dictates the environmental impact." 
This fascinating science lab can regrow human bone. Here's how it works:  #DailyTED
"We need accurate, unprejudiced information with which to make our own judgments." 
"We have got to show our sons a new definition of manhood." 
@evannclingan Sounds like a perfect Sunday afternoon :)
@Biffbiffley @Tara_CR To clarify, that story misrepresents us -- awkward quote on our part. Read our blog post: 
A charming, smart talk on the nature of consciousness: 
Next time you get surgery, a robot might be operating. Here's how it works: 
"Embracing a limitation can actually drive creativity." 
"Math makes sense of the world." How we can teach it more effectively: 
@jwcph Agreed -- an awkward quote and we take responsibility for that.
@Beaker_Muppets @IAMBEARDO No talk, but this happened:  
@Liberationtech That story misrepresents us -- playing off an awkward quote from us, sigh. Read our blog post: 
@jwcph Hey Jesper, that story is a misrepresentation. We don't have a policy barring talks on abortion: 
@theartoflaurel Hers are some of our favorite talks as well :)
@MsBlackhart We would never :)
10 surprising facts about infidelity: 
@ByrneJournal This guy!  and you can see him in a bunch of early talks like this one: 
@CecileRichards Happy to confirm we don't claim that! Blame an awkward quote. We're doing our best to clarify +listen 
6 ideas about how to find happiness (via @TEDRadioHour): 
@AlwaysThinkHow Great idea. We have a few talks on #gestation but would love speaker suggestions:  and thanks!
@BradyHoyem You're actually one hour early:  #4am
@calvinyhtam Thanks for checking out #TEDBeta -- and if you have thoughts for improvement (or spot a bug) let us know: hello@ted.com
@MsBlackhart Jump in and suggest a speaker:  and thank you!
@SerraSippel Please suggest a speaker if you know a potentially great one:  and thanks!
@pmcatlady9 Agreed, and we gave an awkward quote for sure. Often hard to find the right words. But we are listening and learning as always.
@LauraChapin @thenation Definitely suggest @LeahNTorres for a TED or TEDx! For TED, use our form to tell us more: 
@DykstraDame That was an awkward quote from us ... but TED doesn't prohibit talks about abortion. Read more 
@BarbGLuis @davidtedu @SeanRMeehan Agreed. There are so many kinds of learners! Curious what you've found in practice.
@HQOccupy Thanks for your concern. TED doesn't prohibit talks about abortion. Read more here  and suggest a speaker?
@starfishncoffee Thanks for your concern; TED doesn't prohibit talks about abortion. Read more  +suggest a speaker!
@Isoniahtar Thanks for your concern! TED doesn't prohibit talks about abortion. Read more:  and -- suggest a speaker?
@ridley48A Thanks for your concern! But TED doesn't have a policy banning abortion talks. Read more: 
@DrGloriaBrame Agreed, it was an awkward quote from us. But TED doesn't have a policy banning abortion talks. More: 
@CanadianCrone We really honor the conversations we've had over the past few days, and continue to listen. Thanks for your concern.
@blackeyed_susie @WoodhullSFA Happy to clarify, TED doesn't have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@Csoar2004 That is a very fair question! Please know we're listening and eager for speaker suggestions: 
@johnholton777 Thanks for your concern, but TED doesn't have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@Newsweek TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@starkbotha Others have suggested that as well, so we'll keep it in mind next time we do an article like this!
@roy_speaking Happy to clarify, TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@Iloveperfumeso Happy to clarify, TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@RayBeckerman Great suggestion -- thank you!
@varnelllhill Us too :)
@LauraChapin @thenation Happy to clarify, TED doesn't have a policy prohibiting talks about abortion. Read more: 
@Anonyzation Thanks for asking -- it was due to an awkwardly worded quote. Hope our blog post helps to clarify: 
@anyabike We're listening and eager to hear your speaker suggestions -- 
@pmcatlady9 Happy to clarify -- TED doesn't have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@evrybdeezgt1 Happy to clarify, TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
100 websites you should know and use: 
10 bizarre things you didn't know about orgasm: 
"Infidelity doesn’t necessarily signal an unhappy relationship." 
@larrymachado3  Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@abbeycheech Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@loewyn Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@AfricanShia3p @Tara_CR Hi all, you can read our letter here: 
@ahern2126 Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
How 5 historical moments shaped our beliefs about sex: 
@RethinkThePink1 We want to cont this discussion &amp; welcome nominations for speakers on #abortion &amp; #reprorights here: 
@ReproRights Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@lizzhud Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@charenton_ @fernhilldammit Thanks for the concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. More: 
@Animei279 Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
"What is tenderness? To be tender is to accept the loved one's weaknesses." 
@mybellyismine @since__68 @TEDNews @FeministPics Hi all, here is where you can read more: 
@fp2p @WhyDev Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@cush84 Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@StillCrazy808 Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@xaipe3 Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@dallasrbaird Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@slowdumbshowman You can nominate great speakers on #abortion and #reprorights here: 
@shiratarrant You can nominate great speakers on #abortion and #reprorights here: 
@liaisonsus Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@FeministSNVA Thanks for your concern! TED does not have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
7 bold ideas about what our future holds:  via @TEDRadioHour
@eggtoad Hello! Wanted to let you know it's not true that TED has a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@begeem Hello! Wanted to let you know it's not true that TED has a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@shiratarrant Wanted to let you know it's not true that TED has a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@PPact We are paying attention to this conversation and invite you to nominate great speakers: 
@PPact Thank you for this thoughtful piece. Wanted to clarify: we do not prohibit talks about abortion. Read more: 
@angeenicole Hello! Wanted to let you know that TED doesn't have a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@7dale Hello! Wanted to let you know it's not true that TED has a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@Fjminmt Hello! Wanted to let you know it's not true that TED has a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@subho65 @beingbrina We just mean that it's something we haven't covered yet, but clearly need to. Your voices have been heard.
@naomismarks Wanted to let you know it's not true that TED has a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@rainbowcat5 Wanted to let you know it's not true that TED has a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@dancingcatman Wanted to let you know it's not true that TED has a policy prohibiting talks on abortion. Read more: 
@vlsavage Wanted to let you know it's not true that TED has a policy prohibiting talks about abortion. Read more: 
@tlcpro Wanted to let you know it's not true that TED has a policy prohibiting talks about abortion. Read more: 
@Corspeak Wanted to let you know it's not true that TED has a policy prohibiting talks about abortion. Read more: 
@spfarmer Wanted to let you know it's not true that TED has a policy prohibiting talks about abortion. Read more: 
@davidjan47 Wanted to let you know it's not true that TED has a policy prohibiting talks about abortion. Read more: 
@PerilousTimesSF We just mean that it's something we haven't covered yet, but clearly need to. Your voices have been heard.
@beingbrina @AlwaysAStaffer You know, we're asking ourselves the same question. There's no policy, but it's clearly a blind spot.
@kjhass Thank you, we really appreciate that.
@KatieMStack We're sorry to hear that. Ideas that matter are often sticky business :) If everyone agreed, sharing wouldn't be so important.
@naomiporper This is actually a misrepresentation of our views, but you can find our response here: 
@rbraceysherman Haha others seem to be suggesting you too! Sounds like a strong nomination :)
@theurv You can nominate her here: 
@KentPitman Our conferences are only held a couple times a year, but this issue is definitely on our radar.
@gardentraveler @laurenarankin And it's true that we don't have talks on abortion at the moment, but we certainly do welcome them.
@gardentraveler @laurenarankin That list was just meant to show our longstanding commitment to highlighting women's rights issues.
@WentRogue @rbraceysherman @JessicaValenti But we do recognize it as a human rights issue and believe it does have a place on our stage.
@WentRogue @rbraceysherman @JessicaValenti That is certainly not our intention. Jessica is right that we don't have talks on abortion.
@beingbrina @rbraceysherman @ilyseh You know, this convo has us asking the same question. There's no policy, but it's clearly a blind spot.
@ilyseh Thank you, Ilyse. We really appreciate your thoughtful questions.
@rbraceysherman @ilyseh Either of those would work well. We don't host political debates, but the ideas around the issues are all fair game.
@rbraceysherman That's an excellent topic suggestion. If you know someone who would be a great speaker on that topic, nominate them.
@rbraceysherman And we're always looking for more women. It's really hard to get women to agree to speak, so we need a lot of female noms.
@rbraceysherman We try to have a balance of topics, but there are a lot of topics to cover. We're always looking for great new speakers.
@rbraceysherman We have a curation team that reviews nominations and scours the world for interesting people.
@morgmeneshets @rbraceysherman That kind of real conversation, beyond the rhetoric and the agenda, would be perfect for our stage.
@rbraceysherman @KatieMStack Here's where we take speaker noms:  &amp; we promise it's more fun than being a tribute :)
@KTravisBallie @rbraceysherman If you do this and gather them in one place, send us a link. We'd love to see it.
@kjhass This is actually a false rumor; we do not have a policy against this. Please see our letter here: 
@KRoth1211 This is actually a false rumor; we do not have a policy against this. Please see our letter here: 
@slowdumbshowman Here's the response: 
@HegartyKatie It's true that we don't have an abortion talk, but we would welcome a smart speaker on that topic.
@EmilySDouglas @NARAL Kelly meant the company wouldn't take a stance, but we would certainly cover it. Our response: 
@ilyseh @NARAL Yes, for sure. It's true that we don't have any talks on abortion atm, but we would welcome smart talks on the topic.
@matttbastard @NARAL @ilyseh We welcome nominations for great speakers on abortion and repro rights issues: 
@matttbastard @NARAL @ilyseh Not an intentional oversight, but it happens. We cover many feminist topics, but clearly this is a blind spot.
“The political and the sexual are intimate bedfellows, no matter where we live and love.” 
@rbraceysherman @NARAL @ilyseh We have a curation team that reaches out to speakers. You can suggest people here: 
@KentPitman Here's the blog post: 
@ChristieVH That is a misrepresentation of our views. Please see our letter about this here: 
@maria_in_pgh This is actually a false rumor; we do not have a policy against this. Please see our letter here: 
@RevDebra This is actually a false rumor; we do not have a policy against this. Please see our letter here: 
@OnwardnFword Anytime, thank you for having such a thoughtful discussion with us about this.
@OnwardnFword Yes, for sure! You can suggest speakers here: 
@OnwardnFword Yes, it's definitely a blind spot in our talks. We have a lot of talks on other women's rights issues, but not abortion yet.
@echoechoR We have no such ban; this is a false rumor. Please see our response here: 
@RachelAKeener We have no such ban; this is a false rumor. Please see our response here: 
@RachelAKeener We have no such policy; this is a false rumor. Please see our response here: 
@samanthaggordon Thanks for your patience! Here's our response: 
@OnwardnFword As for talks, it's true that we don't have any talks on abortion at the moment. We would welcome smart talks on this topic!
@OnwardnFword Here's the link to the conversations on our site about abortion: 
@MeEloise Here's the link to our response: 
@LaDue An accurate representation of our views is in our response here: 
@LaDue The rumor was that we ban talks on this issue, which is not true. The quote was poorly phrased on our part and we apologize for that.
@gjt444 This is actually a false rumor; we do not have a policy against this. Please see our letter here: 
@laurenspieller This is a misrepresentation of our views, please see our response here: 
@ericjordanwoods We would welcome some smart talks on this issue!
@notbeck This is actually a false rumor; we do not have a policy against this. Please see our letter here: 
@noahmccormack It was taken out of a longer interview, but it was also poorly phrased on our part. We apologize for that.
@ToonKC This is actually a false rumor; we do not have a policy against this. Please see our letter here: 
@LaDue You know, that was really poor wording on our part and not accurate. We apologize for that.
@ilyseh Those are online discussions. It's true we haven't had any talks on abortion, though we would welcome smart discussion on the topic.
@OnwardnFword It is true that we currently don't have any talks on abortion, but we would welcome smart discussion of the topic.
@LaDue The quote was taken out of context; we absolutely do not ban talks on abortion. You can read our letter here: 
@ilyseh Love the song :) And here's the blog post 
@OnwardnFword A search for abortion on our site should bring up many conversations on this topic - did that not come up for you?
@ArunChaud We're uploading it now. This is an issue that matters a lot to us and we want to make sure we are clear.
@Shuffletwang This rumor is false; we do not have a policy against talks on abortion. Please see our blog post on this, coming soon.
@diziara We have not banned this topic; this rumor was a misrepresentation of us. Please see our blog post on this, coming soon.
@Csoar2004 We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please see our blog post, coming soon.
@JerinNOW We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please see our blog post, coming soon.
@LordHades We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please see our blog post, coming soon.
@Yghacci We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please see our blog post, coming soon.
@StephHerold We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@steffibadanes We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@chaneldubofsky We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@peterrothberg We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@magic_21 We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@ainsleelise We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please see our blog post, coming soon.
@Anonyzation We are not censoring any topics, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@Csoar2004 We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@PolyParadyme We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@v23id We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@SrVoiceOfReason We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@MeEloise We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@KidBrightwillow That's a quote from a journalist who covers corruption in Ghana. He's talking about why he uses the approach he does.
@KentPitman We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please see our blog post, coming soon.
@YourAnonNews We totally understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please see our blog post, coming soon.
@rbraceysherman We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@ProChoiceCT We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@SeaChangeProg We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@MarkGoodmanND You're actually spreading a false rumor. Please read our full response here: 
@rbraceysherman We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@caraecal We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@MaxJampole We're sorry to hear you unfollowed. Anything we can do differently?
@csread We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@rbraceysherman We understand your concern, and please know this is not true -- we do not ban talks on abortion. Blog post coming soon.
@chinatownlife We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@AfricanShia3p We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@jayrandee We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@robinathefirst We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@sarisea We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@rbraceysherman We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@parkwood1920 We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@SarahArnold8 We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@servaas_hofmeyr We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@yeti_detective Certainly, thank you for asking us directly. That is a false rumor and a misrepresentation of us. Blog post coming soon.
@ProChoiceNY We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@ProChoiceMN We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@Maggyw519 We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@HeidiNel We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@NaomiAberly We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@graingerrdanger We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@JacquelynJoan We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@RodT3 We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@jolyn3208 We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@SaraAlcid We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@emgargiulo We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@MsCamillaMills We completely understand your concern, but this is a misrepresentation of us. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@badmaninja We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@EFSpangler We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@parravid We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@nastygirl92 We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@redhed67 We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@Arimenthe We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@PA_NOW We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@rcarr57 We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@Brushwolf We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@RightsOfWoman We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@Calabro We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@sue_swanson We completely understand your concern and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@AngelaMGandolfo We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@diziara We completely understand your concern, and can confirm that this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@britt_turtle We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@caddear We completely understand your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@fitzgibbonmedia We hear your concern, and can confirm this rumor is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@SaraAlcid We hear your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
@UltraViolet We hear your concern, and can confirm this is not true. Please watch for our blog post, coming soon.
"When kids know that you refuse to let them fail, they don't give up as easy."  #education
A blistering talk on inequality in America's political system: 
A talk every woman needs to hear:  #breastcancer
"Evil in society is an extreme disease. If you have extreme diseases, you need extreme remedies." 
"Kids should not have to leave their communities to live, learn and earn in a better one." 
Why it's good #business to invest in sustainability: 
"We spend so much time talking past each other and not enough time talking through our disagreements." 
How to regain your creative confidence: 
"We're living in the age of surging income inequality, especially at the top." Why that gap is growing now: 
Ready for a brain teaser? Try this famous thought experiment:  via @TED_Ed
"We have a system of justice that treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent." 
What makes a great leader, and what do the best leaders do differently than the rest? 
How to let go of "green" myths and truly help the environment: 
Why do we sleep? A fascinating talk on what sleep does for the brain, and the link with mental health: 
Stunning x-ray images show the inner workings of ordinary objects:  
"We need to find smarter solutions if we're going to live sustainably in this world."  #DailyTED
What makes Hogwarts or Middle Earth feel so real to the reader? A fiction author explains:  via @TED_Ed
Why is the human brain so unusually large? A fascinating talk on how it came to be: 
This gorgeous time lapse video of mushrooms growing is awesome: 
"I was the black atheist kid in the all-white Catholic school. I was 'other' before being anything else." 
How to make your own happiness, no matter the circumstances: 
"We need accurate, unprejudiced information with which to make our own judgments." On media's responsibility to us: 
"It has to be possible to balance freedom of expression with wider moral and social responsibilities." 
Need a quick brain workout? 9 #TED Talks you can watch in 3 minutes or less: 
What if schools embraced kids' natural curiosity? This new teaching method does just that:  #education
What happens when the media's priority is profit?  #DailyTED
Want to love your job? 8 inspiring talks on how to be happy at work: 
"Chasing meaning is better for your health than avoiding discomfort." How to manage stress: 
"People still think it's shameful if they have a mental illness." Let's end the stigma: 
What does it take to be an Olympic champion? 12 inspiring talks by people who've done it:  #Olympics
The world's greatest pickpocket shows the art of misdirection. Can you catch him in the act? 
Clothing made from bacteria? A strange new trend in sustainable fashion: 
This is your brain on sugar:  via @TED_ED
Are you watching the #Olympics today? 12 inspiring talks by past champions: 
"The simplest questions can carry you out to the edge of human knowledge." 
12 inspiring talks by past Olympic champions to get you in the spirit of the games:  #Olympics
"The most hostile voices represented the parts of me that hurt most profoundly." A courageous story of schizophrenia: 
A new equation for intelligence: 
Charming #art that reacts to you like it has a mind of its own. Take a few minutes to simply be delighted: 
If you could erase bad memories, would you do it? The new science of memory manipulation: 
"The 15 largest ships pollute as much as all the cars in the world." Why we need to make shipping sustainable: 
"Everyone can make a change. It doesn’t matter who you are, where you come from, how old you are." -Maya Penn, age 13 
"Can changing how you think about stress make you healthier? The science says yes." 
"Few people follow their dreams — not because it’s difficult, but because we avoid that sensation of uncertainty." 
The weird, wonderful world of deep sea creatures that glow in the dark: 
"Reading and educating your emotions is one of the central activities of wisdom." 
Join @tedchris on Reddit AMA, live now! Everything you've ever wanted to know about #TED, this is your chance to ask! 
"If we can find compassion for one another, then we have a shot at building common ground." 
"We aim low and we think small when it comes to women. It is time for us to aim higher." 
Welcome @GabbyGiffords to the #TED2014 speaker lineup &amp; more exciting news! 
7 fun talks on wild and stormy weather:  
How we can design the city of the future to help promote greater equality:  #architecture
10 #TED talks to help you better understand cancer:  #WorldCancerDay
"Imaging satellites have a unique ability to provide global transparency." An innovative new technology: 
Seth Godin: Why I want you to steal my ideas  cc @ThisIsSethsBlog
"Domestic violence is not inevitable. It is learned, and it can be prevented."  #DailyTED
How environmental activism became a terrorist crime -- a Q&amp;A w/ journalist @will_potter: 
Are we nearing the end of privacy? @TEDRadioHour and @HuffingtonPost team up for a live conversation. Watch now! 
"Ideas are opportunities."  #DailyTED
@Jacob_Libby We're so glad to hear it!
Let puppies teach you complexity theory (seriously, it's awesome):  #DailyTED
Introducing the #TED2014 speaker lineup! Which speakers are you most excited about? 
@saneel Thanks! Glad you liked it.
"Even as a kid, or especially as a kid, my voice mattered. And your voice matters too."  #DailyTED
“I wanted to moneyball criminal justice.” Why smart statistics are the key to fighting crime:  #DailyTED
How would you use a million dollars to make a difference in the world? Join the conversation! 
"We can transform education, both in quality and access, through technology."  #DailyTED
7 bold predications about what our future holds:  via @TEDRadioHour
"I use spoken word to help my students rediscover wonder, to fight their instincts to be cool and unfazed." 
How I beat stage fright: 
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs 
As work gets more complex, 6 rules to simplify:  #DailyTED
"Empower everybody to use their judgment, their intelligence."  #DailyTED
"Every cell has a sex. That means men and women are different down to the cellular and molecular level."  #DailyTED
Why healthcare today is not as effective for women -- and what we can do about it:  #DailyTED
@catiedidit4 Which talk is your all-time favorite?
"A leader isn't good because they're right; they're good because they're willing to learn and trust."  @TEDRadioHour
“You don't wake up one day no longer racist; it takes generations to tear that intuition out of the soul of a people” 
If you have ever suffered from depression, or known someone who has, this is a must watch: 
Why do we sleep? What sleep does for the brain, and how it's linked to mental health: 
"Companies have to serve the communities that sustain them." A passionate plea for socially responsible #business: 
"Maybe robots need to be less like chess players and more like stage actors." A new robot with soul:  #DailyTED
"If a little boy leads, there's no negative word for it; it's expected. But if a little girl leads, she's bossy." 
"Stereotypes are holding women back from leadership roles all over the world." A Q&amp;A with Sheryl Sandberg: 
Sheryl Sandberg opens up about the reaction to her bestselling book, Lean In:  #DailyTED
A needle-free vaccine patch that's safer and, oh, about 99% cheaper than a syringe:  #demo #DailyTED
"Values and purpose are going to be the two drivers that create the companies of tomorrow."  #DailyTED
"How do we make money and do good?" Why modern companies need to care about more than the bottom line:  #DailyTED
"We dream up new ways for people to experience music." The next generation of interactive art:  #DailyTED
This digital map of the past lets you experience any place or time. Here's how it works:  #DailyTED
Why do diets often fail? Blame it on your brain:  #DailyTED
"Let the research drive the funding, not the other way around." An innovative new way to fund drug trials:  #DailyTED
A bold new way to fund drug research that could save millions of lives:  #DailyTED
"Don't kill your language." Why a nation's language is so vital to its future:  #DailyTED
Today's #TED: I got 99 problems... palsy is just one. The wonderful comedian Maysoon Zayid lit up the TEDWomen stage: 
Today's #TED: Mick Cornett: How an obese town lost a million pounds 
Today's #TED: This year, Diana Nyad swam from Cuba to Florida. At age 64. How? The answer's in the headline: 
Today's #TED: Does money make you mean? Paul Piff shares research studies showing some sobering results: 
Today's #TED: The $80 prosthetic knee that's changing lives. Heartwarming talk by Krista Donaldson of D-Rev: 
Today's #TED: Andrew Solomon: Depression, the secret we share 
Today's #TED: Welcome to the age of the industrial internet. How smarter machines will transform our lives. 
Today's #TED: Hear a new vision for rebuilding Detroit:  HT @TEDCity2_0
Today's #TED: Stephen Cave: The 4 stories we tell ourselves about death 
Today's #TED: Eddy Cartaya discovers glacier caves. A magical talk on these wild, icy spaces.  
Today's #TED: architect Diébédo Francis Kéré on how to build with clay... and community: 
Today's #TED: What I learned from Nelson Mandela: 
Today's #TED: Why buses represent democracy in action. Former Bogota mayor @EnriquePenalosa makes a compelling case: 
Today's #TED: David Lang and his open-sourced, low-cost underwater robots. 
Today's #TED: Sally Kohn: Political correctness? Let’s try emotional correctness. 
Today's #TED: How can we test new medicines safely? Learn more about "body parts on a chip": 
Today's #TED: Brother David Steindl-Rast: Want to be happy? Be grateful. 
Today's #TED: What is so special about the human brain? @suzanahh tells a detective story...  
Today's #TED: Jared Diamond studies how societies can grow old better: 
Today's #TED: Meet Henry Evans' robots, helping him and other disabled people live their lives to the fullest: 
Today's #TED: Greg Asner: Ecology from the air 
Today's #TED: ecologist Lian Pin Koh uses drones to track wild animals, monitor rainforests, even combat crime: 
Today's #TED: designer Jane McGonigal shows how to take thumb-wrestling to a whole new level. Hint: add thumbs. 
Today's #TED: What doctors can learn from each other. How just a bit of outcome-sharing can transform health care. 
Today's #TED: Human rights advocate Mohamed Ali, on the link between unemployment and terrorism 
Today's #TED: Would cities be better -- if they are designed with the blind in mind? 
Today's #TED Talk: Is China the new idol for emerging economies? @dambisamoyo makes a powerful case: 
Today's #TED: Arthur Benjamin: The magic of Fibonacci numbers 
Today's #TED: The NSA has betrayed the world's trust, says cybersecurity expert Mikko Hypponen, and it's time to act. 
Today's #TED: Inspired by Christopher Reeve, @gcourtine proposes a new way to treat paralysis from spinal cord injury 
Today's #TED: "trash anthropologist" Robin Nagle tells us why she's obsessed with garbage: 
Today's #TED: Dong Woo Jang: The art of bow-making 
Today's #TED: Why stay in Chernobyl? Because it's home. Holly Morris introduces us to a group of tenacious babushkas. 
Today's #TED: From @abhadawesar, a post-Sandy meditation on the power of connecting in the "digital now" … 
Today's #TED: An impending crisis no one is talking about ... we are running out of phosphorus. Here's a solution. 
Today's #TED: Mariana Mazzucato: Government -- investor, risk-taker, innovator 
Today's #TED: architect @xaviervilalta on creating modern buildings that are respectful of design traditions: 
Today's #TED: Why our universe might exist on a knife-edge. A charming look at a big problem in theoretical physics. 
Today's #TED: @parul_sehgal gives an ode to envy 
Today's #TED: Where's the next economic boom going to happen? Across Africa, suggests @RencapMan. Hear why:  
Today's #TED:  Steve Howard: Let's go all-in on selling sustainability 
Today's #TED: Who am I? Think again. A hilarious performance by Hetain Patel that turns ideas of identity inside-out. 
Today's #TED: the ongoing battle for our personal information (and why we really need to pay attention): 

Today's #TED: Photos of ingenious homes in unlikely places. Explore: 
Today's #TED: Amanda Bennett: We need a heroic narrative for death 
Today's #TED: How can we make cities better for walkers, rollers, bikers? @JeffSpeckAICP has ideas: 
Today's #TED: Andrew Fitzgerald: Adventures in Twitter fiction  @magicandrew
Today's #TED: Could we have misdiagnosed the causes of gun violence? A call to treat it like a contagious disease. 
Today's #TED: Trita Parsi says for Iran and Israel: Peace is possible.  @tparsi
Today's #TED: New York City transportation commissioner Janette Sadik-Khan on transforming the city: 
Bonus #TED Blog video:  Michael Porter + Michael Sandel debate how (or if) business can solve social problems: 
Today's @TEDTalks +debate, part two: Michael Sandel: Why we shouldn't trust markets with our civic life. 
Today: 2 @TEDTalks plus debate. First, Michael Porter says business can (+should) help solve social problems:  #TED
Today's #TED: Jason Pontin: Can technology solve our big problems? 
Today's #TED: Psychedelic science! Incredible images of natural phenomena in action, captured by Fabian Oefner: 
Today's #TED: How I reverse-engineered online dating … a @datalovestory 
Today's #TED: A place where funerals are raucous, + where relatives who've died remain a physical part of the family 
Today's #TED: Who's the real underdog? @Gladwell's surprising take on the story of David &amp; Goliath: 
Today's #TED: @KevinBreel's confessions of a depressed comic. Watch and share this short, moving talk:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Why our IQ levels are higher than our grandparents':

Today's #TED: Onora O'Neill: What we don't understand about trust 
Today's #TED Stuart Firestein: The pursuit of ignorance 
Today's #TED: The fiction of memory: 
Today's #TED: Benjamin Barber: Why mayors should rule the world 
Today's #TED: tissue engineering advocate Andras Forgacs makes the case for death-free hamburgers and handbags: 
Today's #TED: What do 24,000 ideas look like mapped out? Take a data-driven tour of all TEDxTalks. 
Today's #TED: Why bees are dying. Marla Spivak asks: could this incredible species be holding up a mirror for us? 
Today's #TED, from @JamesLyne: Everyday cybercrime, and what you can do about it. 
Today's #TED: Apollo Robbins: The art of misdirection 
Today's #TED: Sonia Shah: 3 reasons we still haven’t gotten rid of malaria 
Today's #TED, from Ron McCallum: How technology allowed me to read 
Today's #TED: A fascinating idea at the core of the 9/11 Memorial Museum: that museum-goers are a part of the story. 
Today's #TED: @GeorgeMonbiot makes the case for rewilding the planet. 
Today's #TED: Your body? @AlexaMeade's canvas. Check out these amazing artworks: 
Today's #TED: Chrystia Freeland: The rise of the new global super-rich 
Today's #TED: Is stress bad for your health? Maybe not. A talk to flip how you think about stress. 
Today's #TED, from @adambspencer: Why I fell in love with monster prime numbers! 
Today's (summer) #TED: Sculptor Antony Gormley riffs on space + the human form in a strangely delightful talk. 
Today's (summer) #TED: In this delightful talk about lexicography, find out what makes a word 'real.' 
Today's (summer) #TED: Stephen Ritz teaches kids to grow edible gardens. The result? So much more than healthy food. 
Today's (summer) #TED: The thrill of watching Sue Austin explore the depths of the ocean in an underwater wheelchair. 
Today's #TED: May El-Khalil: Making peace is a marathon 
Today's #TED: A mouse. A laser beam. A manipulated memory. It's a sci-fi tinged idea brought into reality. 
Today's #TED: Shigeru Ban makes buildings out of paper tubes, used as emergency shelters in Rwanda, Haiti, Japan: 
Today's #TED: Margaret Heffernan: The dangers of "willful blindness" 
Today's #TED: A piano teacher, a gifted student with autism, and "Chopsticks" like you've never heard it 
Today's #TED: how Eleanor Longden learned from the voices in her head: 
Today's #TED: Take an inspiring tour of Africa's graphic languages and alphabets: 
Today’s #TED: Good design can't just look great. It must also feel great, smell great and sound great: 
Today's #TED: Daniel H. Cohen: For argument’s sake 
Today's #TED: Beardyman: The polyphonic me 
Today's #TED: Peter van Manen: How can Formula 1 racing help ... babies? 
Today's #TED: Known for Broadway hits like The Lion King, director Julie Taymor tells of life on the creative edge: 
Today's #TED: What's an ambucycle? A motorcycle that can dart through traffic and give critical stopgap assistance. 
Today's #TED: Bastian Schaefer imagines a #3D-printed jumbo jet: 
Today's #TED: How a penny made me feel like a millionaire ... A meditation on the bittersweet joys of childhood. 
Today's #TED: Paul Kemp-Robertson: Bitcoin. Sweat. Tide. Meet the future of branded currency. 
Today's #TED: Two parents share how their son's stroke taught them to mirror hope.  #FightTheStroke
Today’s #TED: Forget paper airplanes. Check out this fully working set of DJ decks made from electronic paper: 
Today's #TED: Why study consciousness?  from #TEDxCERN
Today's #TED: @TomThummer and the beatbox orchestra  HT @TEDxSydney
Today's #TED: Two young scientists break down plastics with bacteria 
Today's #TED: Pico Iyer: Where is home? 
Today's #TED: The simple joy of cloudspotting. Look up! You never know what you might see: 
Today's #TED: What the sounds of nature -- chirping birds, grunting sea anemone, silent toads -- can tell us. 
Today's #TED: How about a new metaphor for talking about sexuality?  
Today's #TED: Jack Andraka: A promising test for pancreatic cancer ... from a teenager 
Today's #TED: Could the internet include other species like apes, dolphins and elephants? A big idea in progress... 
Today's #TED: Wooden skyscrapers! Why they're a good idea: 
Today's #TED: Meet global corruption's hidden players:  HT @Global_Witness
Today's #TED: Bluegrass virtuosity from ... New Jersey? These brothers, all under age 16, will get your toes tapping. 
Today's #TED: Jinha Lee: Reach into the computer and grab a pixel 
Today's #TED: The surprising seeds of a big-data revolution in healthcare, c/o @jselanikio: 
Today's #TED: A tale of two political systems. Fodder for debate: 
Today's #TED: Robots won't replace us—but will be essential collaborators. Rodney Brooks on why we'll rely on robots. 
Today's #TED: Michael Archer: How we'll resurrect the gastric brooding frog, the Tasmanian tiger 
Today's #TED: The science behind humor. The New Yorker's cartoon editor Bob Mankoff on what makes something funny: 
Today's #TED: Could we be wrong about diabetes? A story from a surgeon that questions our assumptions about obesity. 
Today's #TED: Lesley Hazleton @accidentaltheo explores the doubt that is essential to faith: 
Today's #TED: Camille Seaman: Photos from a storm chaser 
Today's #TED: How to reduce poverty? Fix homes. 
Today's #TED: The family I lost in North Korea. And the family I gained. 
Today's #TED: Meet BRCK, an internet access point built for Africa  HT @afromusing @brcknet
Today's #TED: How we might predict the next financial crisis (soon). 
Today's #TED is from #TEDGlobal 2013! @manal_alsharif: A Saudi woman who dared to drive: 
Today's #TED: @amcafee asks, What will future jobs look like? 
Today's #TED: Martin Villeneuve takes you behind the scenes of "Mars et Avril." 
Today's #TED: @DeniseHerzing has lived with dolphins for almost 30 years. She asks: Could we talk to them? 
Today's #TED: Anas Aremeyaw Anas: How I named, shamed and jailed 
Today's #TED: Behavioral science can lower your energy bill! A simple thing that can make us all wiser energy users. 
Today's #TED: Love, no matter what … @Andrew_Solomon collects stories of parenting exceptional children: 
Today's #TED is a lovely short talk: How books can open your mind ... 
Today's #TED: Hendrik Poinar: Bring back the woolly mammoth! 
Today's #TED: Be a man—stand up for women. Because sexual violence and domestic abuse are really men's issues. 
Today's #TED: Paola Antonelli describes  what happened when she acquired 14 video games for MOMA: 
Today's #TED: Violinist Ji-Hae Park on how her instrument pulled her through a dark period of her life. 
Today's #TED: Architecture for the people... by the people. @AlastairParvin explains Wikihouse: 
Today's #TED: Judy MacDonald Johnston: Prepare for a good end of life 
Today's #TED: Artist Phil Hansen tells the beautiful story of how he embraced the shake. 
Today's #TED: Peter Singer asks: What's the most effective way to be altruistic? 
Today's (bonus) #TED: A new look at David Foster Wallace's legendary commencement speech, with fishy animation 
Today's #TED Talk: Sergey Brin answers the question, Why Google Glass? 
Today's #TED: At 4:58, Jay Silver plays music w/ ketchup. At 7:50, he turns slices of pizza into a slide clicker. 
Today's #TED: See if you can see him. The astonishing, dissolving art of Liu Bolin: 
Today's #TED: In our online world, the unfamiliar may be the most useful. A surprising ode to strangeness. 
Today's #TED: Meg Jay: Why 30 is not the new 20 
Today's #TED: Ken Robinson: How to escape education's death valley. 
Today's #TED: psychologist Angela Lee Duckworth on the real secret to success: grit. 
Beautiful: Watch @johnlegend's performance of "True Colors" from #TEDTalksEd. Now on #TED.com: 
Today's #TED: See extended versions of talks from #TEDTalksEd—including Geoffrey Canada's "Enough is enough!" 
TED Talks Education is starting now! Tune in to PBS to see our first-ever television event. We’ll be tweeting with the tag #TEDTalksEd.
Today's #TED: @Shaolan_Hsueh shows how you can learn to read Chinese … with ease! 
Today's #TED: Tim Bartik asks, Can preschool save your local economy? 
Today's #TED: The secret to successful teaching  Sneak peak of #TEDTalksEd—May 7, 10/9c on PBS. 
Today's #TED: Juan Enriquez on your online life, permanent as a tattoo: 
Today's #TED: Sebastião Salgado: The silent drama of photography. 
Today's #TED: 19-year-old Taylor Wilson designed a new kind of nuclear fission reactor: small, efficient and safe. 
Today's #TED, from @Nilofer Merchant: Got a meeting? Take a walk! Ideas flow while you walk and talk. 
Today's #TED: David Pogue's 10 time-saving tech tips 
Today’s #TED: We could make car accidents a thing of the past – if we let our cars talk to each other. 
Today's #TED: How much does a video weigh? From Vsauce creator Michael Stevens. 
Today's #TED: Are we witnessing the end of economic growth?  Or is growth about to skyrocket? 
Today's #TED: John McWhorter: Txtng is killing language. JK!!! 
Today's #TED: BLACK: My journey to yo-yo mastery: 
Today's #TED: Electrodes that can halt Parkinson's, depression, and potentially even reverse Alzheimer's. 
Today's #TED: Joshua Prager: In search for the man who broke my neck: 
Today’s #TED: Could depression or schizophrenia be detected before a person feels symptoms? A talk that suggests so. 
Today's #TED: Let's talk crap. Seriously. @RoseGeorge3 takes on a once-unmentionable global problem 
Today's #TED: Laura Snyder on the Philosophical Breakfast Club and the first use of the word "scientist." 
Today's #TED: Why health care should be a team sport. A moving personal story with implications for all of us. 
Today's #TED: What motivates us? Think meaning, not money. 
Today's #TED: Meet Romo, the robot that makes your smartphone come to life, with major personality. 
Today's #TED: Freeman Hrabowski, president of @UMBC, shares the 4 pillars of college success in science: 
Today's #TED: Ken Jennings, the obsolete know-it-all, on Watson and why we need to stop Googling everything. 
Today's #TED: Skylar Tibbits: The emergence of "4D printing" 
Today's #TED: Lawrence Lessig: Take back the Republic! 
Today's #TED: Imagine feeling fabrics as you online shop or video games that let you feel hits. To touchy feel tech! 
Today's #TED: Colin Camerer: Neuroscience, game theory, monkeys. 
Today's #TED Talk: My invention that made peace with lions. 
Today's #TED: Our driest talk yet. Mark Shaw demos Ultra-Ever Dry: 
Today's #TED Talk: @TEDFellow Jessica Green says "Good germs make healthy buildings" 
Today's #TED Talk: @EricWhitacre's Virtual Choir Live! Gorgeous music for your Friday: 
Today's #TED: Francis Collins: We need better drugs. Now. 
Today's #TED: Hyeonseo Lee on her escape from North Korea. A rare account of life in North Korea—in English. 
Today's #TED: Elon Musk of PayPal,  Tesla and SpaceX on his visionary projects: 
Today's #TED: A collapse of the internet could be worse than the financial meltdown. A call for us to create a Plan B 
Today's #TED Talk: Tinker with smart materials!  #TEDGlobal
Today's #TED: Bono shares shockingly good news on the state of extreme poverty. No really, there is good news. 
Today's #TED Talk: We have the technology to revive extinct species now. But should we?  @TEDxDExtinction
Today's #TED: What do fruit flies have to do with mental illness? How they could help us develop targeted medications 
Today's #TED Talk: @DanPallotta says, The way we think about charity is dead wrong. Find out why: 
Today's #TED: Shane Koyczan gives a live reprise of "To This Day," his ode to the bullied + ignored. With backstory! 
Today's #TED: Kakenya Ntaiya shares her incredible educational journey to found a Maasai school for girls 
Today's #TED Talk: Ron Finley plants vegetable gardens in South Central LA:  #TED2013
Today's #TED Talk: How we found + filmed the giant squid  HT @TeamORCA #TED2013
Today's #TED Talk: A profound and important talk on saving the world's grasslands  from #TED2013
Today's #TED Talk: @AmandaPalmer: The art of asking --  #TED2013
Today's #TED Talk: Kicking off #TED2013, @JenGranholm says, Let's race to the top for clean energy: 
Today's #TED Talk: New @TEDPrize winner Sugata Mitra makes an inspiring wish: Build a School in the Cloud! 
The winner of the 2013 @TEDPrize: Sugata Mitra and the school in the cloud!  #TED2013
Watch all of #TED2013 Session 3 for free at 5pm PST today:  See the 2013 @TEDPrize revealed!
Just shown at #TED2013, now front page on  : Dance, tiny robots! 
Today's (1st) #TED Talk: Wade Davis: Gorgeous photos of a backyard wilderness worth saving 
Today's #TED: Bruce Feiler: Agile programming -- for your family 
Today's #TED: How, physically, do flies fly with such delicate wings? A look at the magic of a fly's brain. 
Today's #TED Talk: How can we measure a great school system? Amazing country-by-country data: 
Today's #TED: Afra Raymond reveals three myths about corruption. One of them: that it is too pervasive to be stopped. 
Today's #TED: A monkey that controls a robot with its thoughts. No, really.  HT @TEDMED
Today's #TED: Be an artist, right now! Korean author Young-ha Kim urges you to do what you did as a kid—just create. 
Today's #TED: How do you sustain good sex over time? Esther Perel: The secret to desire in a long-term relationship 
Today's #TED: Who controls the world? How complex systems theory can give us a new understanding of who is in charge. 
Today's #TED: Erik Schlangen: A "self-healing" asphalt 
Today's #TED talk: Daring to educate girls in Afghanistan  @sbasijrasikh #TEDxWomen
Today's #TED: Former Tirana mayor Edi Rama says: Take back your city with paint! 
Today's #TED: In the future, if you weren't feeling well, you might be able to print your own medicine on a 3D printer 
Today's #TED: Cesar Kuriyama is shooting one second of video every day ... for the rest of his life. 
Today's #TED: Hey science teacher—make it fun! Ditch the jargon and textbooks and make science sing through stories! 
Today's #TED: After a revolution, what? Zahra Langhi talks Libya post-Qaddafi, with a powerful idea for what's next 
Today's #TED: Kid President wants you to create something to make the world awesome  #TreatEverybodyLikeItsTheirBirthday
Today's #TED: Fahad Al-Attiya: A country with no water 
Today's #TED: Fifty shades of gay? Photographer iO Tillett Wright introduces us to the wide range of the LGBTQ spectrum 
Today's #TED: Mitch Resnick: Let's teach kids to code! 
Today's #TED Talk: A new kind of job market for very flexible labor, using slivers of time: 
Today's #TED: Leslie Morgan Steiner: Why domestic violence victims don't leave 
Today's #TED: How do you teach surgical skills to a doctor who speaks another language? Use a universal translator. 
Today's #TED: Colin Powell says kids need structure. 
Today's #TED Talk: Powerful, human stories from a veteran war reporter: 
Today's #TED: What messages do kids see in The Wizard of Oz and Star Wars? Colin Stokes on how movies teach manhood. 
Today's #TED: Richard Weller: Could the sun be good for your heart? 
Today's #TED: How do you become a model? A candid talk from Cameron Russell on what it's like to win a genetic lottery. 
Today's #TED: Ellen Jorgensen: Biohacking -- you can do it, too 
Today's #TED Talk: You're invited to a very special father-daughter dance ... 
Today's #TED: Andy Puddicombe: All it takes is 10 mindful minutes 
Today's #TED: How can HIV researchers make sure they aren't taking advantage of those infected? An ethical riddle. 
Today's #TED: Jarrett J. Krosoczka: How a boy became an artist 
Today's #TED: An incredible underwater wheelchair. Who says that a disability means you can't scuba dive? 
Today's #TED Talk: How common threats can make common (political) ground. A big idea about bipartisanship: 
Today's #TED: How far have visual effects come in 110 years? Don Levy's cinematic journey, with the help of @TheAcademy 
Today's #TED: Hadyn Parry re-engineers mosquitos to fight disease: 
Today's #TED Talk: The writer Karen Thompson Walker @kthompsonwalker talks about what fear can teach us: 
While #TED Talks are on break, we're blogging our 2012 favorites. This opinionated, hilarious must-watch list: 
While #TED Talks are on break, our writers pick their 2012 favorites. Today: the non-boring business talk: 
Today's #TED Talk: The moving story behind the Facebook message "Iranians ... we ♥ you" 
Today's #TED Talk: Is the fiscal cliff necessary? 
Today's #TED: A father-daughter bond, 1 photo at a time. The power of a small ritual, repeated often, for pausing time. 
Today's #TED: Molly Crockett: Beware neuro-bunk 
Today's #TED Talk: Robin Chase @rmchase asks, May I rent your car? Fascinating talk on peer-to-peer ownership: 
Today's #TED: Ben Saunders: Why bother leaving the house? 
Today's #TED: The dance of the dung beetle. Marcus Byrne shows how this choreography lets the bug cross deserts. 
Today's #TED: Maz Jobrani: A Saudi, an Indian and an Iranian walk into a Qatari bar … 
Today's #TED: Is that photo your friend sent real? Markham Nolan of Storyful on separating fact from fiction online. 
Today's #TED Talk: Pool medical patents,save lives, from @ellenthoen 
Today's #TED: Lemon Andersen performs "Please don't take my Air Jordans," which showed him the power of spoken word. 
Today's #TED: Nina Tandon asks: Could tissue engineering mean personalized medicine? 
Today's #TED: Jeff Smith went to prison for a year, and saw boundless business potential inside. Could it be harnessed? 
Today's #TED: Ludwick Marishane: A bath without water 
Today's #TED Talk: Bobby Ghosh of Time magazine @ghoshworld on why the global jihad is over 
Today's #TED: Munir Virani: Why I love vultures 
Today’s #TED: Champion cross-country skier Janine Shepherd shares how a life-threatening injury lit her pilot light. 
Today's #TED: A quick fix for traffic jams? Jonas Eliasson shows how subtle nudging makes a big difference on traffic. 
Today's #TED Talk: How a pod of hippos taught Ernesto Sirolli the power of listening  @sirollinstitute @TEDx
Today's #TED Talk is an old favorite to share ... Louis Schwartzberg: Nature. Beauty. Gratitude. 
Today's #TED: What's better than one bluegrass prodigy? ... Oh right, three. The Sleepy Man Banjo Boys tear it up. 
Today's #TED: Amos Winter: The cheap all-terrain wheelchair 
Today's #TED Talk: How fast-paced video games can help us learn, focus and multitask. 
Today's #TED: Broadway producer David Binder on arts festivals which blur the line between audience and performer 
Today's #TED: Leah Buechley: How to “sketch” with electronics 
Today's #TED: Hannah Brencher misses old-fashioned love letters, and has created a way for strangers to exchange them. 
A milestone: #TED has reached our billionth video view.  Tweet the talk you'll never forget with the hashtag #TEDBillion
Today's #TED Talk: How I started a sanitary napkin revolution! Funny, insightful talk from TED@Bangalore: 
Today's #TEDTalk: 4 lessons in creativity, collected + shared by @Julie_Burstein: 
Today's #TED: Does the internet encourage dishonesty? Maybe, maybe not. Jeff Hancock outlines 3 types of digital lies 
Today's #TED: Georgette Mulheir looks at the tragedy of orphanages: 
Today's #TED: Magnified hundreds of times in 3D, grains of sand and the stamens in flowers become magical. 
Today's #TED: Team Rubicon President Jake Wood talks about a new mission for veterans -- disaster relief. 
Today's #TED Talk: Research that suggests you're happiest when lost in the moment: 
Today's #TED: Faith Jegede: What I’ve learned from my autistic brothers 
Today's #TED: Who's in for Movember? Making men healthier, one moustache at a time 
Today's #TED: Bats! They're not just creepy creatures. Emma Teeling thinks we have a lot to learn from them. 
Today's #TED: Sanjay Pradhan of the World Bank Institute on how open data curbs corruption in international aid. 
Today's #TED: Rory Stewart: Why democracy matters 
Today's #TED: Marco Tempest performs a cyber-magic card trick like none you've ever seen before 
Today's #TED: Doris Kim Sung: Metal that breathes 
Today's #TED: Pop culture is fascinated by orphans—Harry Potter, Superman + Cinderella. Lemn Sissay tells his story 
Today's #TED: David Pizarro on disgust: the political divider. 
Today's #TED Talk: Great data suggests the world might not be as connected + globalized as we think it is: 
Today's #TED: Mozilla Foundation's Ryan Merkley demos a new way to remix online video: 
Today's #TED: How Heather Brooke's Freedom of Information requests exposed a major British Parliament scandal 
Today's #TED: Science is for everyone! Kids included. 
Today's #TED: Are rules for medical privacy damaging the ability to do good research? How a medical commons could help. 
Today's #TED: Eddie Obeng calls for "smart failure" for our fast-changing world. 
Today's #TED Talk: Maurizio Seracini hunts for the secret lives of paintings: 
Today's #TED: Melissa Marshall says, "Talk nerdy to me!" A call for scientists and engineers to share their work. 
Today's #TED: Ruby Wax: What's so funny about mental illness? 
Today's #TED: John Maeda on how art, technology and design inform creative leaders: 
Today's #TED Talk: 3 ways to (usefully) lose control of your reputation, from @TimLeberecht: 
Today's #TED: Why museum galleries should tell stories, from the director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art 
Today's #TED: How a build-your-own computer class became the first Massive Open Online Course (MOOCs) 
Today's #TED: Jason McCue: Terrorism is a failed brand. 
Today's #TED: Robert Gupta: Between music and medicine 
Today's #TED: Amy Cuddy shows how your body language shapes who you are, and how you can strike a pose for success. 
Today's #TED Talk: How cities around the world are preparing for changing climate. Inspiring examples: 
Today's #TED Talk: Making better street maps by learning from our mental maps. 
Today's #TED: An artist says "a thousand times no" to military rule and violence in Egypt 
Today's #TED: Ben Goldacre: What doctors don't know about the drugs they prescribe 
Today's #TED: So much of our experience is shaped by invisibles—gravity, time, consciousness. An animated talk. 
Today's #TED: Clay Shirky on how the Internet will (one day) transform government: 
Today's #TED: What happens in the brain when we interact? Read Montague is "eavesdropping" on 5,000 brains to find out. 
Today's #TED Talk: Andrew McAfee @amcafee asks: Are droids taking our jobs?  #TEDx
Today's #TED Talk: What makes Airbnb work? Trust. Rachel Botsman explores the idea of "reputation capital": 
Today's #TED: Ed Gavagan: A story about knots and surgeons 
Today's #TED: We know to look for fair trade coffe and clothing, but what about fair trade cell phones? 
Today's #TED Talk: Andrew Blum takes you on a tour of the physical bits + pieces that make the Internet: 
Today's #TED: Poor sound has profound effects on well-being. Julian Treasure on why architects need to use their ears. 
Today's #TED: Sarah-Jayne Blakemore on the mysterious workings of the adolescent brain: 
Today's #TED: In many countries, nearly half the food supply ends up in the trash. On the global food waste scandal. 
Today's #TED Talk: @BethNoveck asks: How can government learn from the open-source movement? 
Today's #TED: A talk that will make you want to get up and dance—a choreographer's creative process in real time 
Today's #TED: How lab-grown stem cells can revolutionize the way drugs are created to treat diseases 
Today's #TED: Leslie T. Chang: The voices of China's workers 
Today's #TED: Who can treat those suffering from mental illness when psychiatrists are in short supply? Answer: anyone 
Today's #TED: Scott Fraser explains the problem with eyewitness testimony: 
Today’s #TED: No parking? Fold the car. Kent Larson shares fun, practical designs for our overcrowding cities: 
Today's #TED: Sculpture that meditates on the boundaries of the human body, as it is adrift in space and time 
Today's #TED: Shyam Sankar on the rise of human-computer cooperation 
Today's #TED talk: @RobertNeuwirth shows the surprising power of the world's informal economies: 
Today's #TED: Artist @CandyChang asks you to fill in the blank: “Before I die I want to ___.” 
While @TEDTalks are on vacation, use Surprise Me to find great talks you might not have seen yet: 
This weekend, vote in the TED2013 Talent Search; deadline August 31. Among the 290+ talks to screen:  #TED
Today's #TED: Visual effects guru Rob Legato shows how he created awe in "Apollo 13," "Titanic" and "Hugo." 
Today's #TED: Timothy Prestero on designing for people, rather than accolades, when it comes to life-saving devices 
Today's #TED: Is there a line that divides crazy from sane? Jon Ronson finds strange answers to the psychopath test: 
Today's #TED: Two 20-something sisters share how they organized local recovery efforts following a freak tornado 
Today's #TED talk: Political theorist Ivan Krastev asks: Can democracy exist without trust? 
Today's #TED: What's a snollygoster? A short lesson in political speak from @inkyfool: 
Today’s #TED: With an urgent message, photographer Lisa Christine brings to light the world of modern day slavery: 
Today's #TED: Pam Warhurst shows you how to plant edible landscapes: 
Today's #TED: Bold, funny, political art about Afghanistan from Aman Mojadidi: 
Today's #TED: Max Little reveals a test for Parkinson's -- with a simple phone call. 
Today's #TED: Margaret Heffernan dares you to disagree, because conflict is an essential part of good thinking. 
Today's #TED: How do you deal with a bully without becoming a thug? Scilla Elworthy fights with non-violence: 
Today's #TED: Can we forecast the site of the next riot? Hannah Fry breaks down the math: 
Today’s #TED: The mad scientist of music: Mark Applebaum composes for a florist, makes an instrument out of junk 
Today's #TED: Becci Manson (re)touches lives through photos: 
Today's #TED: Daphne Koller gets top universities to put courses online for free -- part as a service, part as research 
Today's #TED: Stephen Ritz is a fast-talking powerhouse, growing green cities and teaching great kids. 
Today's #TED: What's behind the Great Firewall of China? 
Today's #TED: Giles Duley sets out to document the stories of the forgotten, and ends up finding his own. 
Today's #TED: Noah Wilson-Rich teaches you how urban beekeeping can save a species -- and the city: 
Today's #TED: Check out Ramesh Raskar's camera, which shoots one trillion frames per second: 
Today's #TED: Tracy Chevalier tells 3 stories drawn from classic paintings: 
Today's #TED: How much data is your cell phone company collecting about you? Chances are, a lot. 
Today's #TED: How James Stavridis, NATO Supreme Commander, thinks about global security: 
Today's #TED: An alarm clock and old computer mouse can make a medical device. Welcome to technology crafting. 
Today's #TED: The first computer was steam-powered. John Graham-Cumming tells its compelling story: 
Today's #TED: What if you could HEAR the most beautiful blues, yellows and reds? Neil Harbisson listens to color: 
Today's #TED: A demo of @Aurasma, an augmented reality app that can animate the world through a smartphone: 
Today's #TED: Is it best to be in the driver's seat when it comes to decisions, especially the big ones? Perhaps not. 
Today's #TED: Jamie Drummond of  How to set big goals ... for the world. 
Today's #TED: Mina Bissell rethinks how cancer develops: 
Today's #TED: Capturing memories and friendships ... in a jar: 
Today's #TED: Next-gen GPS might sort your life and, Todd Humphreys warns, invite new strains of security issues: 
Today's #TED: Jared Ficklin visualizes music with color (and fire!): 
Today's #TED: Technology can be used for good, but what about evil? Marc Goodman envisions crimes of the future: 
Today's #TED: The race car of the future will drive at 150 mph—with no driver at the wheel: 
Today's #TED: Meet your microbes! 
Today's #TED: Jane McGonigal (@avantgame) developed a game that can add years to your life: 
Today's #TED: Great music for your Friday from two percussive guitar heroes: 
Today's #TED: Cesar Harada looked to the winds and currents for inspiration in cleaning up oil spills 
Today's #TED: Raghava KK encourages you to think (very) long-term -- make a 200-year plan! 
Today's #TED: Alanna Shaikh explains how she's preparing to get Alzheimer's, after watching her father get the disease 
Today's #TED: Boaz Almog “levitates” a superconductor: 
Today's #TED: Elyn Saks' powerful story of seeing mental illness  #TEDGlobal
Today's #TED, fresh from #TEDGlobal: Don Tapscott's 4 principles for the open world: 
We're dreaming even bigger. The @TEDPrize just became $1 million. 
Today's #TED: Massimo Banzi on how Arduino is open-sourcing imagination:  #TEDGlobal
Today's #TED: Rives reinvents the encyclopedia game, upon hearing that the Encyclopaedia Britannica is halting printing 
Today's #TED: E.O. Wilson offers advice to young scientists: 
Today's #TED: Can India become a global hub for innovation? Nirmalya Kumar shows that it already has: 
Today's #TED: Jon Nguyen demos how you can explore the solar system from home: 
Today's #TED: Wolfgang Kessling: How to air-condition outdoor spaces 
Today's #TED: Peter Norvig's 100,000-student classroom: 
Today's #TED: Marco Tempest + the electrifying story of Nikola Tesla:  Watch the making-of: 
Today's #TED: Ivan Oransky asks, are we over-medicalized? 
Today's #TED: David R. Dow: Lessons from death row inmates 
Today's #TED: There are few women in the media, says Megan Kamerick -- and she has ideas for how to fix the problem: 
Today's #TED: Rodney Mullen shows how unique environments spark new skateboarding tricks: 
Today's #TED: LZ Granderson on the myth of the gay agenda: 
Today's #TEDTalk: A new way to do archeology -- from space!  #TED
Today's #TED: Rebecca Onie's audacious idea... what if we could treat housing and nutrition with a prescription pad? 
Today's #TED: We are all designers, says @JHockenberry -- we can design a life of intent: 
Today's #TED: Ami Klin shares revolutionary new ways to predict autism spectrum disorder early in life: 
Today's #TED: The next frontier of mining for minerals -- is it seawater? 
Today's #TED: Diane Kelly on the (surprisingly unknown) science of the mammalian erection: 
Today's #TED: Juan Enriquez asks: Are humans stil evolving? 
Today's #TED: David Birch on why the only people who actually need to know your real name are identity thieves: 
Today’s #TED: SETI alien hunter Seth Shostak says we’re close to finding ET: 
Today's #TED: An extraordinary dance with projected light by Quixotic Fusion: 
Today's #TED: Sebastian Deterding asks: What does the design of your chair say about your view of life? 
Today's #TED: The surprising attitudes that led up to the Arab Spring: 
Today's #TED: Four lessons on being human -- from robots: 
Today’s #TED: How does sustainable energy add up? David MacKay does the math: 
Today's #TED: Shereen El-Feki shows how to fight an epidemic of bad laws -- laws that criminalize being HIV positive: 
Today's #TED: Hans Rosling charts the data on religions, babies and population growth: 
Today's #TED: Melissa Garren on the extraordinary and unseen world of ocean bacteria: 
Today's #TED: Michael McDaniel designed the perfect disaster relief shelter. Now he's producing them on his own: 
Listen to the new episode of #TEDRadioHour: The Power of Crowds. Online  iTunes  @NPR #TED
Today's #TED: Carl Schoonover shows the visually stunning history of how we learned to study neurons: 
Today's #TED: David Kelley talks about building your creative confidence: 
Today's #TED Can you use mathematics to help understand history? Jean-Baptiste Michel says yes: 
Today's #TED: Bart Knowls shows an array of creative ideas to stop malaria, including limburger cheese and a pill: 
Today's #TED: José Bowen on the origin of music piracy -- in the 19th century: 
Today's #TED: 404, the story of a page not found: 
Today's #TED: @joshuafoer on the memory palace -- a simple way to train your memory to do seemingly remarkable feats: 
Today's #TED: Karen Bass shares unseen nature footage: 
Today: @TED_Ed curates the @YouTube homepage! Which video will you flip on  #NationalTeacherDay
Revealed! The speaker lineup for @TEDGlobal 2012: Radical Openness:  #TED
Today's #TED: Michael Tilson Thomas's wonderful overview of music and emotion through history: 
Today's #TED: Fashion photographer Rick Guidotti shoots past the stigma of albinism and shows their beauty: 
Today's #TED: 15 year old fashion icon and @rookiemag founder Tavi Gevinson is making feminism cool: 
Today's #TED: Rory Sutherland makes the case that framing is a major part of happiness: 
Today's #TED: Gary Kovacs introduces Collusion, a tool to let you see what sites are tracking you online: 
Today's #TED: Reuben Margolin creates mesmerizing moving sculptures based on rain and waves: 
Building a museum at Ground Zero: Hear Steve Rosenbaum's story on the #TED Blog 
Today's #TED stars an amazing new building made of ... a balloon: 
Today's #TED: Brenda Brathwaite on the surprising effectiveness of games to understand complex tragedies: 
Today's #TED: How many paper towels does it take to dry your hands? One. Joe Smith shows how:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Teens text. A lot. So Nancy Lublin imagines the power of a crisis center they can text for help: 
Today: #TEDRadioHour premieres on @npr and online! Listen to Ep. 1, “Our Buggy Brain”: 
Today's #TED: Eduardo Paes shares the 4 commandments of cities:  @TEDPrize
Flip this lesson! Announcing a new way to teach with video, from @TED_Ed:  #TED
Today's #TED: Michael Norton's research shows how you can, indeed, buy happiness ... 
Today's #TED: Brian Greene asks: Why is our universe fine-tuned for life? 
Today's #TED: @TEDFellow Christina Warinner studies ancient diseases -- by looking at fossilized plaque: 
Today's #TED: Are older people happier? Laura Carstensen says yes: 
Today's #TED: Taryn Simon tells epic, generational stories with compelling photography: 
Today's #TED: Drew Curtis on how he and his small company beat a patent troll: 
Today's #TED: Atul Gawande asks, How can we fix medicine? 
In 1.5 hours: Watch a live session of #TED streaming free online! Details, times + how to watch:  #TEDxSummit
Today's #TED: Abigail Washburn tells a remarkable story of bridging cultures, singing in Chinese and playing the banjo: 
Today's #TED: Tal Golesworty is an engineer -- an engineer who helped design his own heart surgery: 
Today's #TED: @MelindaGates suggests: 'Let's put birth control back on the agenda'  #nocontroversy
Today's #TED: Do animals have morals? Frans de Waal shares surprising answers: 
Today's #TED: Frank Warren of @PostSecret shares a few shocking, silly, soulful secrets:  #PostSecret
Today's #TED: Jonathan Foley on how we need to think of farming on a global scale: 
Today's #TED, from @TED_ED: A spectacular performance on the inequities of access to higher education: 
Today's #TED: Lucy McRae, body architect, makes provocative designs that play with the human form: 
Today's #TED: The hilarious, profound design philosophy of @ChipKidd: 
Today's #TED: Sherry Turkle wants us to think deeply about the kinds of connections we want in the digital world: 
Today's #TED, from @TED_Ed: The colorful, complex, secret lives of plankton:  Watch in HD!
Today's #TED: Rick Falkvinge fights for transparency, anonymity, & sensible copyright - as leader of the Pirate Party: 
Today's #TED: Daniel Schnitzer says great products can't solve real-world issues if no one can buy them:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Marco Tempest tells a beautiful story of magic -- with an augmented reality machine: 
Today's #TED: Ayah Bdeir creates electronics as easy to play with as Legos: 
Today's #TED: Regina Dugan on a robotic hummingbird, mach-20 flight and more jaw-dropping projects from DARPA: 
Today's #TED: What's the missing link to renewable energy? 
Today's #TED: Peter Saul asks us to take control of our end of life care: 
Today’s #TED: NYT data artist, Jer Thorp, uses beauty to put abstract data into a human context:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Share in Billy Collins' wit and insight in 5 animated poems 
Today's #TED: In 3 minutes Taylor Wilson describes how he built a nuclear fusion reactor -- when he was 14 years old: 
Today's #TED: @BoonePickens on solving our energy future 
Today’s #TED: From punk to sexy -- Scott Summit shows custom, 3D-printed prosthetic legs with personality:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Brené Brown: Listening to shame 
Today's #TED: When is an iPod worth $8 billion? Rob Reid does the Copyright Math (TM): 
Today's #TED: Jonathan Haidt proposes an evolutionary explanation for self-transcendence: 
Today's #TED, from our new @TED_ED channel: Adam Savage on simple, creative ideas that led to spectacular discoveries: 
Today's #TED is another amazing lesson from @TED_Ed: David Gallo's deep-ocean mysteries and wonders: 
Today's #TED, from our @TED_Ed channel: Chris Anderson explores questions we don't (yet) know the answer to: 
Today's #TED, from our new @TED_Ed channel: Greg Gage teaches neuroscience with a cockroach &amp; a beatboxer 
Today's #TED: Larry Smith gives a funny and blunt talk on why you will fail to have a great career: 
Today's #TED: Kelli Anderson tweaks ordinary objects to shock our expectations about reality: 
Today's #TED: Jennifer Pahlka asks if we can design government to work like the internet: 
RT @TEDchris: Latest from TED2012. Pixar's @andrewstanton on what makes a great story. (Opening joke alert!)  #TED
Today's #TED: Bryan Stevenson shares some hard truths about America's justice system in this powerful talk: 
Today's #TED: The amazing flying quadrotors, robots that swarm and cooperate:  #TED2012
Watch this session of #TED 2012 online for free right now:  #TEDPrize
Peter Diamandis: Abundance is our future! A new talk fresh from stage at #TED 2012: 
Is Earth full? Paul Gilding suggests it might be. Fresh from stage at #TED 2012: 
Today's #TED: In this fun talk from @TEDYouth, learn the 4 reasons a video goes viral: 
Today's #TED: Jeffrey Kluger on the powerful (and little talked about) bonds of siblings: 
Today's #TED: Avi Rubin describes all the ways your devices can be hacked, from pacemakers to cars and more: 
Today's #TED: Shlomo Benartzi on why it's easier to say you'll save next week than right now, and how to get around it: 
Today's #TED: Neil MacGregor traces 2600 years of Middle Eastern history through a single object, the Cyrus Cylinder: 
Today's #TED: Lucianne Walkowicz asks us to look into the beauty of a truly dark sky, and to help preserve it: 
Today's #TED: Garth Lenz makes a passionate plea for the conservation of his homeland:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Paul Conneally on the ways digital tools can transform humanitarian aid: 
Today's #TED: Simon Berrow has a surprisingly low-tech and brilliant way to study, and help protect, basking sharks: 
Today's #TED: Lucien Engelen makes the case for using crowdsourced tools for healthcare: 
Bonus love song for today on #TED from Inara George @birdnbeemusic : 
A wonderful new way to share @TEDTalks -- in quotable bites!  #TED
Today's #TED: Keith Nolan is deaf, and so can't join the military. He wants to change that: 
Today’s #TED: Drew Dudley shows we are all secret leaders and calls on us to celebrate everyday acts of leadership: 
Today's #TED: Erik Johansson on how he creates extraordinary photorealistic images of impossible scenes: 
Today's #TED: Where are all the baby dinosaurs? Jack Horner reports on a shocking discovery: 
Today's #TED: How art and culture can help countries understand one another: 
Today's #TED: Non-lethal weapons are spreading, but there are hidden dangers, both physical and moral: 
Today's #TED: How your brain tells you where you are: 
Today’s #TED: What makes a talk compelling? Nancy Duarte reveals the patterns behind great presentations:  #TEDx
Today’s #TED: Aleph Molinari’s idea for giving the internet, and the know-how, to the five billion excluded.  #TEDx
Today's #TED: From 1994, deep in the TED archive, Danny Hillis on the acceleration of technological change: 
Today's #TED: What if you're in surgery and the power goes out? Meet the Universal Anesthesia Machine: 
Today's #TED: Shawn Achor argues "work hard to achieve happiness" has it backwards: 
Today's #TED: Peter van Uhm, the Netherlands' chief of defense, on why he chose a life in the military: 
Today's #TED: The surprisingly fascinating world of Mick Mountz's high-tech solutions to box-packing: 
Today’s #TED: Bjarke Ingels builds community by infusing humor and hedonism into sustainable spaces:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Gayle Tzemach Lemmon's passionate call to see women entrepreneurs as examples, not the exception: 
Today's #TED: Ariel Garten: The ancient dictum "Know thyself," with a brain-scanner: 
Today's #TED, from @WCBADoctorBrian: Doctors make mistakes. Can we talk about that? 
Today's #TED: Extreme swimmer Diana Nyad asks, What will you do with your wild, precious life? 
Today's #TED: Lisa Harouni gives an accessible intro to 3D printing: 
Today’s #TED: What makes you, you? Philosopher Julian Baggini looks at memory to find the answer:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Bilal Bomani shows us the self-sustaining ecosystems producing next generation biofuels:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Scott Rickard and the beautiful math behind the ugliest music: 
Two important #TED talks today. First, Mikko Hypponen on 3 kinds of online threats: 
Today's #TED: Alain de Botton's Atheism 2.0, a "religion for atheists" that incorporates the best parts of religions: 
Today's #TED: A world-class orchestra for musicians of disability: 
Today's #TED: Kirk Sorensen shows us thorium -- a material that might revolutionize how we produce our energy:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Morley sings "Women of Hope." Sing along: "If you're feeling helpless, help someone": 
Today's #TED: Drew Berry creates stunning (and accurate!) visualizations of the molecular processes of life: 
Today's #TED: A powerful (and practical) talk in defense of dialogue. Why we must talk: 
Today's #TED: The 3 winners of the Google Science Fair share their projects and their passion: 
Today's #TED: Economist @TylerCowen suggests we should be suspicious of stories: 
Today's #TED: Michelle Borkin says doctors and astronomers collaborating can lead to surprising discoveries. 
Today's #TED: Today's #TED: Nate Garvis shows us how we can use our institutions to better our culture: on.ted.com/NGarvis
Today's #TED: 1000 @TEDTalks in 6 words ... ? 
Today's #TED: Paddy Ashdown on how global power is shifting and how nations are connected in ways never seen before: 
Today's #TED: Is AJ Jacobs the healthiest man alive?  @TEDMED
Today's #TED: Alberto Cairo tells a quietly powerful story of war, and what he learned from a "scrap of a man": 
Today's #TED: Karen Tse calls for an end to "everyday torture"  See her essay on @HuffingtonPost #18ideas
Today's #TED: The battle between your present and future self: 
Today's #TED: A bold treatment for blindness- Sheila Nirenberg sends signals directly from camera to brain: 
Today's #TED: Antonio Damasio on the quest to understand our consciousness: 
Today's #TED: Thomas Pogge's bold plan to bring medicine to the global 99 percent:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Roger Doiron reveals his subversive plot -- to encourage people to plant gardens: 
Today's #TED: A powerful story of healing (from an unexpected place):  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Homaro Cantu and Ben Roche and the future of food: 
Today's #TED: Pavan Sukhdev shows the true economic value of nature:  #TEDGlobal
Today's #TED: Quyen Nguyen creates a color-coded breakthrough in surgery: 
Today's #TED: Monika Bulaj's powerful, intimate photographs of Afghanistan:  #TEDFellow
Today's #TED: David Damberger makes a passionate case that aid groups should admit failures, and learn from them: 
Today's #TED: Klaus Stadlmann creates custom hearing aids and microscopic art on the world’s smallest 3D printer:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Stefon Harris on how there are no mistakes in jazz -- if the rest of the band is open to new ideas: 
Today's #TED: Yoav Medan on focused ultrasound surgery (no knives):  from @TEDMED
Today's #TED: Cheryl Hayashi studies the astonishing powers of spider silk: 
Today's #TED: Luis von Ahn leverages the massive online crowd for human good 
Announcing 2012 @TEDPrize winner: The City 2.0. Not a sterile dream but a real-world urban upgrade. 
Today's #TED: How to topple a dictator.  From #TEDxKrakow
Today's #TED: Sarah Kay's poetry lets her, and us, feel what it's like to live other people's lives: 
Today's #TED: Do you see Africa as one big tragedy? Leslie Dodson asks reporters to tell the real story:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Kathryn Schulz on how regret makes us better and stronger: 
Today's #TED: Charles Limb talks about implants that restore hearing and what they often miss (music):  @TEDMED
Today's #TED: John Bohannon's modest (and spectacular) proposal to replace powerpoint with dancers: 
Today's #TED: Annie Murphy Paul on what we learn before we're born: 
Announcing #TED's official app for iPhone! With new user-requested features: 
Today's #TED: Damon Horowitz teaches philosophy to prison inmates. Here's what he learned: 
Today's #TED: Amy Purdy lost both her legs. Now she's a pro snowboarder. How she drew inspiration from obstacles: on.ted.com/Purdy #TEDx
Today's #TED: Britta Riley grows a garden in her apartment 
Today's #TED: Gorgeous time-lapse photos from Louie Schwartzberg; or: Nature. Beauty. Gratitude. 
Today's #TED: Joe Sabia tells a story of the history of storytelling, from caves to iPads: 
Today's #TED: A robot that balances on a ball ... and even dances: 
Today's #TED: Phil Plait (@BadAstronomer) tells us how to avoid death by asteroid: 
Today's #TED: Natalie Warne on how youth can make an extraordinary impact:  #TEDx
Today’s #TED: Gabe Zichermann gives you a prescription to play video games:  #TEDx
Today, 1-5pm Eastern: Watch @TEDYouth live online! 20 amazing speakers give short #TED talks for young people 
Today's #TED: Comedian Robin Ince answers the question "Does science kill our sense of wonder?" with an emphatic "No!" 
Today's #TED: Cynthia Kenyon looks to genetic mutations in roundworms for clues to longevity in humans: 
Today's #TED: An app developer talks about his work. Oh, and he's 12:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: The Jetman, Yves Rossy, demonstrates his jet-powered wing: 
Today's #TED, from @INKConference: An extraordinary visualization of life from conception to birth 
Today's #TED: Open science now! Michael Nielsen says science will move faster if data and ideas are freely available: 
Today’s #TED: Roger McNamee’s 6 bold ways to prepare for the next internet:  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Comedian @charlietodd on Improv Everywhere, his group that creates absurd and joyful public scenes. 
Today's #TED: Allan Jones makes a beautiful and detailed map of the brain: 
Today's #TED: Ben Kacyra captures ancient wonders in 3D: 
Today's #TED: Aparna Rao crafts high-tech art with a playful take on everyday interactions 
Today's #TED: Chemist Martin Hanczyc makes "protocells" to explore the line between life and non-life: 
Today's #TED: Plain-language activist Sandra Fisher-Martins fights for your right to understand legal documents:  #TEDx
Watch today's #TED talk -- @PaulLewis' powerful story of crowdsourcing the news -- on @YouTube: 
Today's #TED: How reporter Paul Lewis helped solve two murders with your cell phone as his hammer of justice.  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Techno-illusionist Marco Tempest augments reality with a little magic 
Today's #TED: Why did the brain evolve? To control the way we move. A beautiful talk on the neuroscience of movement: 
Today's #TED: Anna Mracek Dietrich builds a plane you can drive: 
Today's #TED: Paul Zak on trust, morality -- and oxytocin: 
Today's #TED: Artist Hasan Elahi says, FBI, here I am!  #TEDGlobal
Today's #TED: Béatrice Coron cuts stories from paper: 
Today's #TED: Jay Bradner's open-source cancer research  Great talk from #TEDxBoston
Today's #TED: Iain McGilchrist says the divided brain isn't simply "emotion vs. reason." An RSAnimate from @theRSAorg: 
Today's #TED: Richard Wilkinson: How economic inequality harms societies - 
Today's #TED: Nathalie Miebach makes art from storms:  @TEDFellow
Today's #TED: Todd Kuiken shows a prosthetic arm that "feels." Amazing demo: 
Today's #TED: Guy-Philippe Goldstein shows how cyberattacks threaten real-world peace 
Today's #TED: Justin Hall-Tipping asks: What if we could generate power from our windowpanes? 
Subscribe to #TED's new curated podcasts on iTunes -- 10 channels of great @TEDTalks by topic: 
Today's #TED: Bunker Roy talks about learning and teaching at the Barefoot School 
Today's #TED: Jawdropping talk from artist Jae Rhim Lee on her Infinity Burial Project: 
Today's #TED: Pamela Meyer shows how the pros spot deception: 
Today's #TED, from Ian Ritchie: The day I turned down Tim Berners-Lee. 
Today's #TED: Richard Seymour asks, How does beauty feel? And why does it matter? 
Today's #TED: Alison Gopnik asks, What are babies really thinking? 
Today's #TED: Conductor Charles Hazlewood on trusting the ensemble: 
Today's #TED: Mike Biddle's bold plan to recycle plastic -- all kinds of plastic: 
The new @TEDxTalks account is curating one great #TEDx talk a day from the worldwide archive. Worth a follow!
Today's #TED: Graham Hill @GHill on how less stuff = more happiness: 
Today's #TED: Christoph Adami on how to find alien life, even if it's made in ways we can't imagine: on.ted.com/Adami
@RP2504 Sorry -- try now!
Today's #TED: A glorious song from Danielle de Niese! 
Today's #TED: @bengoldacre on the ways scientific evidence is distorted: 
Today's #TED: Jarreth Merz films democracy in action ... in Ghana: 
Today's #TED: Meet Studio School -- a school designed for kids who learn by doing: 
Today's #TED: Writer and doctor Abraham Verghese celebrates the power of touch 
Today's #TED: Creativity expert Sunni Brown says: Doodlers, unite! 
Today's #TED: Elizabeth Murchison fights a contagious cancer in Tasmanian devils: 
Today's #TED: 'Selling' condoms in the Congo: a surprising take on international aid  Some NSFW images.
Today's #TED: What could you learn from 5 million books? 
Today's #TED Best of the Web: For one month, Sasha Dichter said "yes" to every request for help: 
Today's #TED: Lauren Zalaznick shows how TV reflects who we are -- in ways we might not have expected: 
Today's #TED: Richard Resnick shows how fast and cheap genome sequencing is about to change health care: 
Today's #TED: Artist Kate Hartman on ways to communicate with ourselves and with glaciers: 
Today's #TED: Misha Glenny's suggestion for cyber-security - hire the hackers: 
Today's #TED: Yasheng Huang asks, Does democracy stifle economic growth? Surprising data and conclusions ... 
#TED Blog exclusive video: Inventing a new method of escaping tall buildings: 
Today's #TED: In a fun iPad demo, Raghava KK shakes up your perspective 
Today's #TED: In a fun iPad demo, Raghava KK shakes up a new story 
Today's #TED: Chemist Lee Cronin on making matter come alive: 
#TED Blog exclusive video: The continuing saga of The99 by @DrNaif, superheroes inspired by Islam wp.me/p10512-dx1
Today's #TED is an extraordinary story from #TEDxParis ... Sarah Kaminsky: My father the forger 
Today's #TED: Historian Edward Tenner illuminates the unintended consequences of innovations: 
Today's #TED: Julia Bacha says: It's time to pay attention to nonviolence 
Today's #TED: Svante Paabo shares fascinating DNA clues to our inner Neanderthal: 
Today's #TED: Dan Ariely tells two personal stories that explore a difficult topic -- conflict of interest:  @TEDNews
Today's #TED Talks playlist: Four talks on the wonder of space, and some surprises found there:  (New talks on Monday!)
Today's TED Talks playlist: All kinds of minds: four unusual and extraordinary thinkers.  (New talks August 29th)
Today's #TED Talks playlist: 4 talks from artists across the spectrum:  (New talks resume August 29th)
Today's #TED Talks playlist: You did what? 5 remarkable feats and adventures:  (New talks resume August 29th)
Today's #TED Talks playlist: High energy! Four speakers who bounce around the stage:  (New talks resume August 29th)
Today's #TED Talks playlist: Five mindshifting talks on happiness:  (New talks resume August 29th)
Today's #TED playlist: Six inspiring, quirky, and thoughtful talks from @TEDActive:  (New talks resume August 29th)
Today's #TED Talks playlist: 3 talks on the truth about stories:  (New talks resume August 29th)
Today's #TED Talks playlist: Be here now, 4 talks that sparkle in the moment:  (New talks resume August 29th)
Today's #TED Talks playlist: Nature, nature, nature:  (New talks resume August 29th)
Today's #TED: Marco Tempest @virtualmagician plays with truth + lies +iPods  #TEDGlobal
Today's #TED: Stellar astronomer Lucianne Walkowicz looks for planets around other stars:  #TEDGlobal #TEDFellow
Today's #TED, from #TEDxBoston: Dyan deNapoli tells the story of the great penguin rescue: 
Today's #TED: @AlexSteffen on how cities can help save the future: 
Today, a bonus (amazing) @TEDTalk: Eve Ensler talks about connecting with the body: 
Today's #TED: The demise of guys? Watch Phil Zimbardo's @TEDTalk:  +take his survey: 
Today's #TED: Jessica Green shows that separating hospitals from the outdoors could lead to more pathogens: 
RT @TEDchris: Mind-shifting #TED talk on the evolution of language from Mark Pagel 
Today's #TED: Harald Haas demonstrates a wireless network built from simple LED light bulbs: 
Today's #TED: Adam Ostrow on your life online ... after your final status update: 
Today's #TED: Julian Treasure shares 5 ways to listen better:  #TEDGlobal
Today's #TED: Josette Sheeran on how we can end world hunger:  #TEDGlobal
Now Live! Join @ePatientDave for a live chat: "Why is the patient the most under-used resource in healthcare?" 
Today's #TED: Paul Bloom on how pleasure is tied to knowing the essence of objects and people: 
Today's #TED: Geoffrey West on the surprising mathematics that governs cities and corporations: 
Today's #TED: British MP Rory Stewart says: It's time to end the war in Afghanistan  #TEDGlobal
RT @TEDchris This is a must-watch. 6-min demo of a robot that flies like a bird (yes, with flapping wings)  #tedglobal
Today's #TED: Kevin Slavin on how algorithms are changing the shape of our lives: 
Today's #TED, fresh from #TEDGlobal ... Thandie Newton: Embracing otherness, embracing myself: 
Today's #TED: Mikko Hyppönen helps defend the web from criminal viruses  #TEDGlobal
Today's #TED: Tim Harford: Trial, error and the God complex 
Brand-new @TEDTalk fresh from stage at #TEDGlobal: Maajid Nawaz: A global culture to fight extremism 
First talk from #TEDGlobal posted on TED.com! Rebecca MacKinnon: Let's take back the Internet! 
Over on @TEDNews, we're live-tweeting #TEDGlobal, happening now. Watch for new @TEDTalks fresh from stage ...
Today's #TED: Nina Tandon grows engineered tissues by copying their natural environments: 
Today's #TED: Simon Lewis tells us never to take our consciousness for granted: 
Today's #TED: Jonathan Drori on the myriad ways flowering plants have evolved to spread their pollen. 
Today's #TED: Chef Nathan Myhrvold takes a scientific look at cooking: 
Today's #TED: @MattCutts suggests trying something new ... for 30 days 
Today's #TED: Meet e-Patient Dave. 
Now: Join Alice Dreger in a live Q&A on anatomy, destiny, marriage ... 1-3pm Eastern: 
Today's #TED: Rajesh Rao uses modern computing to decipher the 4000 year old Indus script 
Today's #TED: Emiliano Salinas' bold call for a civil response to violence  In Spanish w/subtitles. #TEDx
Today's #TED: Comedian @JoshuaWalters on being just crazy enough 
Today's #TED: Honor Harger plays the songs of the universe. 
Today's #TED: Jok Church tells a short, powerful story of caring 
Today's #TED: Savant and synesthete Daniel Tammet ponders different ways of knowing 
RT @TEDChris: Here's Bill Ford at #TED pondering how to beat growing traffic gridlock 
Today's #TED: Performances that combine music, tech, visuals, part 2: Maya Beiser(s) and her cello(s) 
Today's #TED: Two performances that combine music, tech, visuals. Onyx Ashanti: This is beatjazz 
Today's #TED: Camille Seaman's gorgeous photos show the surprising beauty of icebergs  #TEDFellow
Today's #TED: At TEDxBG in Bulgaria, Steve Keil lays out a manifesto for play 
Today's #TED: How Shea Hembrey became 100 artists 
Today's @TED: Daniel Kraft on medicine's future (there's an app for that): 
Today, a special #TED: Breaking the silence on suicide and suicide attempts:  More: 
Today's #TED: Thought-provoking ideas on anatomy and destiny from Alice Dreger: 
Today's #TED: Paul Romer on planning the world's first "charter city" ... with a little help from a @TEDTalk 
Join now! Our live Q&A with Damon Horowitz. He asks: "When have you realized that you were wrong?" 
Today's #TED: Janet Echelman makes beautiful massive moving sculptures that respond to environmental forces 
Today's #TED: Jack Horner on his plans to build a dinosaur from a chicken: 
Today's #TED: Damon Horowitz asks, What's our moral operating system? 
Today's #TED: Physicist Aaron O'Connell explains the world's first visible quantum object 
Announcing the TEDGlobal 2011 speakers!  Come explore "The Stuff of Life" ... #TED
Today's #TED: Stefan Sagmeister shares 7 rules for creating more happiness 
Today's #TED: Dennis Hong is building a car that lets blind people drive independently 
Today's Best of the Web video: Malcolm McLaren on authentic creativity vs. karaoke culture 
Today's #TED is music for your Friday: A gorgeous, collaborative duet from @guptaviolin87 and @joshua_cello: 
Today's #TED: Mustafa Akyol on the difference between faith and tradition: 
Today's #TED: Dr. Bruce Aylward on the heroic fight to finally wipe out polio: 
Today's #TED: With data-rich art, Aaron Koblin visualizes our shared humanity 
New #BestoftheWeb video on #TED: We loved this talk from @GelConf and we gotta share: 
Today's #TED is a classic from 2005 ... Terry Moore: How to tie your shoes. 
Today's #TED: Edith Widder on the weird, wonderful world of undersea bioluminescence: 
Today's #TED: Dr. @Elliot_Krane on the mystery of chronic pain: 
Today's #TED: Architect Thomas Heatherwick on building the "Seed Cathedral": 
Today's #TED: Ed Boyden builds an on/off switch for neurons, using light: 
Starting now: Chat live with @EliPariser about "filter bubbles" on #TED.com. Noon-1pm Eastern: 
Today's #TED: At #TEDxCaltech, Leonard Susskind tells stories about his friend Richard Feynman. Charming, funny: 
Today's #TED: Amit Sood builds a museum of museums on the web: 
Announcing our latest #TED Book: Graham Hill's "Weekday Vegetarian." With recipes + more: 
RT @TEDchris: Today's #TED talk is from Ron Guttman on the science of smiling  Short. Sweet. Smileworthy.
Today's #TED: Fiorenzo Omenetto shares 20+ astonishing new uses for silk, one of nature's most elegant materials ...
Today's #TED: Paul Nicklen's amazing tales of photography on and under the polar ice: 
Today's #TED: Filmmaker Louie Schwartzberg shows us the hidden beauty of pollination 
Today's #TED: Sean Carroll on distant time and the hint of a multiverse:  #TEDxCaltech
Today's #TED: Suzanne Lee on how to grow your own clothes:  #TEDFellow
Now on #TED Conversations: Join Neil Pasricha in a live chat about everything awesome: 
Today's #TED: MIT's Carlo Ratti makes architecture that senses and responds 
Special #TED talk for today: How two mothers found forgiveness and healing after 9/11 
Right now on #TED Conversations: Live Q&A with Mike Matas talking digital books + UI, 1-2:30pm Eastern: 
Today's #TED: Eli Pariser says, beware online "filter bubbles": 
Today's #TED: Arvind Gupta makes toys that teach 
Join us for a live conversation with Sam Richards on radical empathy! Starting now till 3pm Eastern.
Today's #TED: Mike Matas demos the next generation of digital books 
Today's #TED: Angela Belcher uses nature to grow batteries  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Bruce Schneier on the security mirage 
Today's #TED: Harvey Fineberg asks, are we ready for neo-evolution? 
Today's #TED: Ric Elias shares 3 things he learned while his plane crashed 
Today's #TED, from the @INKConference: What it takes to do extreme astrophysics 
John Hunter is today's #TED: Put all the world's problems in a board game. Let 4th-graders solve them. 
Today's #TED, from @wrongologist Kathryn Schulz on what we learn from being wrong: 
Today's #TED: Sam Richards: A radical experiment in empathy  #TEDx
Announcing a chance to audition your own #TED Talk! 
Today's #TED: Open-sourcing the blueprints of civilization, with #TEDFellow Marcin Jakubowski 
Today's #TED is from @EbertChicago! Roger Ebert: Remaking my voice 
Today's #TED: Dave Meslin shares the antidote to apathy  #TEDx
Today's #TED: David Christian's riveting "Big History" lesson ... 
Did you miss @MorganSpurlock's Q&A on TED Conversations this morning? Don't worry, read it all here:  #TED
Filmmaker @MorganSpurlock is doing a live Q+A right now on TED Conversations. Join in on the discussion here: 
Celebrating one year of @MissionBlue: Jackson Browne's song "If I Could Be Anywhere"  #TED #TEDxGPGP
Tody's #TED: Caroline Casey on looking past limits 
Today's #TED: A remarkable open-source invention that gave a "locked-in" artist the power to make art again 
Today's #TED: Morgan Spurlock talks about his sharp, funny new film "The Greatest Movie Ever Sold" 
Special #TED talk tonight for Golden Rule Day: Chade-Meng Tan on everyday compassion at Google 
Today's #TED: "Great leaders let you fail; they don't let you be a failure." Watch Stanley McChrystal 
RT @TEDchris Concerned at detention of Chinese artist Ai Weiwei... we're releasing the film he sent to #TED 
Today's #TED: AnnMarie Thomas' hands-on science with "squishy circuits" 
Today's #TED: Eric Whitacre's new "virtual choir" -- a 2-minute preview 2,000 voices strong 
Today's #TED: Sebastian Thrun with amazing video demos of Google's driverless car 
Today's #TED: The living, breathing puppetry of "War Horse" 
Today on #TED: Ralph Langner shows how he cracked Stuxnet, a 21st-century cyber weapon 
Today's #TED: Patricia Ryan says, Don't insist on English! 
Today's #TED: Music for your Friday. Claron McFadden explores the primal mystery of the human voice 
Today's #TED: Eythor Bender demos two human exoskeletons 
Today's #TED: Paul Root Wolpe asks us to think deeply about bio-engineering  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Isabel Behncke Izquierdo on the gift of play, from bonobo apes to humans:  #TEDFellow
Today's #TED: Hans Rosling's magic washing machine  Today! Ask Hans anything at 
Today's #TED: Sarah Kay shares her spoken word journey and performs gorgeous poetry that demands to be heard 
Today's #TED: Lighting architect Rogier van der Heide: Why light needs darkness 
Today's #TED: Mark Bezos: A life lesson from a volunteer firefighter 
Today's #TED: Listen to the sounds of the universe with physicist Janna Levin. 
Today's #TED: David Brooks' "The social animal." New insights into our human nature from brain science 
Announced at #sxsw: #TED to open API for developers to play  Coders: we're hiring! 
Today's #TED: Rob Harmon on an intriguing market mechanism to manage water  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Deb Roy on the birth of a word. Quite simply, astonishing: 
Today's #TED: From TED2011, Salman Khan on how (and why) he created @KhanAcademy 
Today's #TED: Courtney Martin's personal, heartfelt talk on how a new generation is reinventing feminism 
Today's #TED, fresh from TED2011: Anthony Atala prints a human kidney 
Two TEDTalks today, fresh from #TED 2011. First: Wael Ghonim, inside Egypt's youth revolution 
Today's #TED: Watch artist JR make his #TEDPrize wish to turn the world inside out with art 
First #TEDTalk from #TED 2011: Wadah Khanfar on the youth revolution in the Arab world 
First talk from TED2011 is up! -- Wadah Khanfar: A historic moment in the Arab world  #TED
How can #TED enrich education? Join the TED-ED Brain Trust: 
Today's #TED: Smart, passionate music for your Friday from the @AhnTrio  #Piazzola #TEDWomen
Today's #TED, from @TEDMED: Danny Hillis on understanding cancer through proteomics 
Today's #TED: Anthropologist Elizabeth Lindsey curates humanity's heritage 
Today's #TED: Surgeon Iain Hutchison on saving faces. A powerful talk (not for the squeamish). 
Today's #TED: Economist Noreena Hertz on the perils of relying too much on "experts" 
Today's #TED: Sharp (and funny) talk from Madeleine Albright on being a woman and a diplomat 
Today's #TED: Lisa Gansky says the future of business is "the mesh" 
Today's #TED: An inspiring talk from Jacqueline Novogratz on a life of immersion 
Today's #TED: Patricia Kuhl on the linguistic genius of babies 
Today's #TED: Journalist Krista Tippett redefines compassion with a modern twist  #TEDPrizeUN #Compassion
Today's #TED: A whistleblower you haven't heard  #TEDx #TEDxRotterdam
Today's #TED: Michael Pawlyn shares 3 big ideas about biomimicry in architecture 
Today's #TED: Cynthia Breazeal talks about the rise of personal robots 
Today's #TED: Nigel Marsh on making work-life balance work  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Suheir Hammad's astonishing poems of war, peace, women, power 
Today's #TED: Christopher McDougall asks, Are we born to run?  #TEDx
Today's #TED: Johanna Blakley looks at the future of new media, and how women will help shape it  #TEDWomen
Today's #TED: Dale Dougherty tells why we're all makers at heart 
Today's #TED talk: Architect Kate Orff shares her vision for "oyster-tecture" 
Jake Shimabukuro plays Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody" on the small-but-mighty ukelele  #TED
Today's #TED, from #TEDMED: Bruce Feiler on the "council of dads" 
Today's #TED: New Yorker cartoonist Liza Donnelly on how women can use humor to change culture's rules  #TEDWomen
Today's #TED: Martin Jacques offers 3 ways to understand the rise of China 
Today's TEDTalk: Heather Knight demos the latest in robo-tainment: Data, a robotic stand-up comedian  #TED #TEDWomen
Today's TEDTalk: Anders Ynnerman shows us how to make sense of the recent medical data explosion  #TEDxGoteborg #TED
Today's #TED: Charity Tillman-Dick @CharityTD on radical surgery that saved her life -- and her voice  Via #TEDMED
Today's #TED: @NaomiAKlein on a culture addicted to risk -- and who has to clean up the mess 
Ali Carr-Chellman pinpoints 3 reasons boys are tuning out of school -- and a bold plan to re-engage them  #TED #TEDx
Today's #TED: Elizabeth Lesser suggests we take "the Other" to lunch 
Today's #TED: Thomas Thwaites: How I built a toaster -- from scratch 
Today's TEDTalk: Amber Case tells us how we've evolved into cyborgs  #TED #TEDWomen
Today's TEDTalk: Nobel Peace laureate Jody Williams shares her realistic vision for world peace  #TED #TEDWomen
Neil Pasricha reveals "The 3 A's of Awesome"  #TED #TEDx #TEDxToronto
Today's #TEDTalk: Deborah Rhodes on a new tool for finding certain breast tumors (and why we're not yet using it) 
Today's #TED: Charles Limb: Your brain on improv. An amazing look at creativity and the mind  #TEDxMidAtlantic
Today's #TED: Lesley Hazelton on the grace, flexibility and mystery of the Koran  #TEDxRainier
Today's #TED: Arianna Huffington shares the secret of success -- get more sleep! 
A special #TEDTalk ... Barry Schwartz says: "Let's use our practical wisdom." 
Today's #TED playlist: Nine stories, from nine amazing storytellers  Add your favorites in comments!
Today's #TED: Brene Brown on the power of vulnerability 
RT @JuneCohen I've seen many nature docs, but NEVER footage like this. Leopard & baby baboon: jaw-dropping  #TED
New #TED best-of-web talk, from RSA Animate: Sir Ken Robinson says factory-style education is failing our kids 
Today's #TED: Rachel Botsman makes the case for collaborative consumption  at #TEDxSydney
Today's #TED: Funny, honest talk about parenting taboos (you should break) 
Today's #TED: At #TEDxMidAtlantic, Diana Laufenberg shares 3 insights about teaching 
Today's #TED, from #TEDWomen: Hanna Rosin shares amazing new data on the rise of women 
Today's #TEDTalk, from #TEDWomen: Kiran Bedi, a police chief with a difference 
Now on the #TED Blog: Watch Hillary Clinton's talk at #TEDWomen on women + foreign policy 
New #TEDTalk from #TEDWomen, just released tonight: Tony Porter makes a powerful call to men 
First #TEDTalk from #TEDWomen: Halla Tomasdottir's 5 feminine values of finance (and how they rescued Iceland) 
TEDWomen Day 2 kicks off in 30 minutes.
Purchase the webcast to watch live, 
Follow @TEDWomen.
Follow @TEDWomen for minute-by-minute tweets from #TEDWomen -- starting at 2:30pm ET today (in 15 minutes)
#TEDWomen kicks off in 2 hours!

Purchase the webcast to watch live for $100, 
Follow @TEDWomen.
Bart Weetjens trains rats to sniff out land mines. Next? Teaching them to detect tuberculosis  #TED #TEDx
We're really excited to share this news! TED iPad app featured in Apple ad, 
Why not eat insects? That's Marcel Dicke's question in today's #TED talk. 
One week until TEDWomen!
Purchase the webcast to watch live for $100, 
Attend/host a TEDx event 
Today's #TED talk, from #TEDxMidwest: Mediator William Ury on the walk from "no" to "yes" 
11-year-old Birke Baehr explores the "dark side" of industrial farming  #TED #TEDx #TEDxNextGenerationAsheville
Today's #TED: Dan Phillips' funny, creative take on building with cast-off stuff 
Today's #TED talk from #TEDxMidwest: Jason Fried on why work doesn't happen at work 
Today's #TED talk: Zainab Salbi shares stories of women in wartime and the dream of peace 
Today's #TED talk, from #TEDxDU: Mind your matter! Kim Gorgens on brain injury 
Today's #TED: From #MissionBlue, Kristina Gjerde shares the challenges of making law on the high seas 
Today's #TED: John Hardy shares his Green School dream 
Announcing the #TEDWomen speaker lineup!  Women, men & duets speaking Dec. 7-8 in DC.
Shimon Schocken starts a mountain biking group with juvenile inmates that teaches them all critical life lessons  #TED
RT @TEDChris: This is one of the most remarkable #TED talks we've ever posted:  Denis Dutton animated by Andrew Park
Conrad Wolfram presents a radical idea: teaching kids math through computer programming.  #TED
TED Fellow Eric Berlow shows how embracing complexity can actually lead us to the simplest solutions.  #TED
Today's #TED: Auret van Heerden makes the business case for fair labor 
Aaron Huey photographs "the shadow of Wounded Knee" -- anger and struggle on a modern Indian reservation  #TED #TEDx
Stefan Wolff shares 3 major principles that could put us on the path to ending ethnic conflicts and civil war  #TED
Today's #TED: Emily Pilloton: Teaching design for change 
One-man band, singer and songwriter Andrew Bird's violin, whistling and soothing vocals to take you through Friday. 
Gero Miesenboeck is mapping the brain step by step -- using light, fruit flies and mind control. 
#TED.com is back up -- thanks, all, for your patience today. If you see anything that doesn't work, please email contact@ted.com ...
#TED.com is offline for upgrades for the next 6 hours. Here's where to find TEDTalks right now: 
Today's #TED: Greg Stone helps save the ocean one island at a time  or YouTube:  #missionblue
Today's #TED: David Bismark demos a system for e-voting without fraud 
Today's #TED: Tom Chatfield on 7 ways games reward the brain 
Entomologist Shimon Steinberg looks at the difference between pests and bugs  #TED #TEDx #TEDxTelAviv
Is eating seafood ever sustainable? Chef Barton Seaver explores simple ways to keep a little fish on dinner tables 
Joseph Nye on the good news about global power in the 21st century  #TED
Today's #TED: At TEDIndia, R.A. Mashelkar tells 3 stories of ultra-low-cost product design 
David Byrne sings "(Nothing But) Flowers", accompanied by Thomas Dolby and Ethel  #TED
Never losing his wit, Patrick Chappatte shows how cartoons and humor can give serious perspective 
@datehaterblog should be working now. try again.
2011 TED Prize winner JR featured in the New York Times!

Wow.
Soooooo much TED Prize excitement the site is overloaded.
Read more about the 2011 winner on the TED blog, 
Introducing the 2011 #TED Prize winner: JR 
Today's #TED: Did you know you have 100m working neurons in your gut? Heribert Watzke explains 
Today's #TED: Jessica Jackley from Kiva.org on poverty, microloans -- and love 
Joel Burns delivers a powerful message to gay teens targeted by bullies  -- Today's #TED best-of-web talk
You're invited to Ze Frank's web playroom -- if you promise you'll share  #TED
Introducing the TED iPad App! Download and play 750+ talks --  -- Don't miss the "Inspire Me" feature 
#TED
Today's #TED: Natalie Jeremijenko is putting public art to work for the environment. Fire hydrant gardens, anyone? 
Today's #TED: @TEDFellow Peter Haas on Haiti's disaster of engineering 
Today's #TED talk: Stefano Mancuso shares mindblowing research on plant intelligence 
Are Hans Rosling's amazing data visuals on falling child mortality rates the good news of the decade?  #TED
Today's #TED talk, from #MissionBlue: Barbara Block tags tuna in the deep ocean 
Thanks, @Boxee, for building the cool new #TED App. Learn more at  -- then play!
Eben Bayer's fungus-based packaging material protects fragile goods -- and ecosystems  #TED
Today's #TED from #TEDxChange: A frank and funny talk from Thailand's "Mr. Condom" 
Inge Missmahl brings psychosocial counseling to war-torn Afghanistan  #TED
Gary Wolf's intriguing intro to "the quantified self" -- the new lifestyle of geeky self-awareness  #TED
Shh...listen! Julian Treasure lays out an 8-step plan to restore our relationship with sound  #TED
Fabian Hemmert shows the shape-shifting future of the mobile phone  #TED
Annie Lennox shares the experiences that caused her to become an HIV/AIDS activist and create the SING foundation: 
Mitchell Besser laid the foundation for a network of HIV-positive moms in Africa who are fighting the virus' spread: 
Steven Johnson reveals where good ideas really come from -- an engaging (and funny!) historical tour of great thought 
@amsellem Posing the question to @TEDx is the best way.
Christien Meindertsma looks at the many astonishing non-pork products made from pig  #TED
Curious about where we are 10 yrs in w/ the Millenium Dev Goals? 
Join The Gates Found & watch TEDxChange @ 11am EST, 
Curious about where we are 10 yrs in w/ the Millenium Dev Goals? Join The Gates Found & watch TEDxChange @ 11am EST, 
MONDAY 11am EST: Tune in to #TEDxChange. 
Webcast url to come.
See the speaker lineup and learn more: 
Hurdy-gurdy 101 with singer-songwriter Caroline Phillips  #TED
Nicholas Christakis reveals his hot-off-the-press research: Social networks can be used to predict epidemics 
#TED's Chris Anderson on web video and the power of crowd-accelerated innovation 
In ancient ice and seabeds, Rob Dunbar hunts for clues about our changing climate and ocean chemistry  #TED
Today's #TED talk comes from a #TEDx: Ben Cameron on the power of live performing arts 
Today's #TED talk: Carne Ross: An independent diplomat   from @TheBIF Conference
Education scientist Sugata Mitra shows how children can teach themselves (with access to the right technology). 
Rachel Sussman shows photos of the world's oldest living things  #TED
Today's #TED talk: His Holiness the Karmapa on the technology and design of the human heart 
New #TED Best of the Web talk: Jeremy Rifkin on "the empathic civilization" 
"When the chemistry of oil hits our politics, it's absolutely explosive." Lisa Margonelli on #TED  #TEDx #TEDxOilSpill
Today's #TED talk, from #MissionBlue: Cartoonist Jim Toomey draws some of his favorite sea creatures 
Today's #TED talk: Lee Hotz takes us inside an Antarctic time machine 
David McCandless shows how design can make sense out of the overwhelming amount of information in today's world. 
New best-of-web talk, from 2009: Diane Savino makes the case for same-sex marriage  #TED
Seth Priebatsch looks at the "game layer": driving everyday human behavior with game dynamics  #TED #TEDx #TEDxBoston
Two TEDTalks today! @jamiltv and @mazjobrani talk about the Axis of Evil Comedy Tour  and 
Peter Molyneux wanted to "create a character which seemed alive." He demos the character, Milo, on #TED: 
This century's greatest injustice is the oppression faced by women in the developing world, says Sheryl WuDunn. 
WWF's Jason Clay persuades corporate heavyweights to put biodiversity on their bottom lines #TED  
Final #TEDTalks playlist: Fan favorites about society, humanity and the whole wide world ...  #TED
Today's #TEDTalks playlist: Insightful, personal stories that are #TED fans' favorites 
Today's #TEDTalks playlist: Unconventional art made of chocolate, clouds, feelings ...  #TED
Today's #TEDTalks playlist weighs the risks and rewards of adventure  #TED
Today's #TEDTalks playlist: Playthings! Toys for our technological age ...  #TED
Today's #TEDTalks playlist: Body art. These talks look for new meaning in our inner workings:  #TED
Today’s #TEDTalks playlist is about “childish” thinking: How we teach kids, and what we learn from kids  #TED
Lewis Pugh swims a high-altitude lake, created by glacial melting on Mt. Everest, and learns a radical lesson: 
Laurie Santos' experiments in "monkeynomics" reveal the roots of human irrationality #TED 
Marine toxicologist Susan Shaw shows evidence dispersant is making the Gulf oil spill damage even worse #TED 
Today's #TED talk: Sheena Iyengar's surprising research on the art of choosing 
Orthopedic surgeon Kevin Stone says the future of joint replacement is "biologic, not bionic." #TED 
We just crossed 500,000 fans on Facebook!
Have you liked TED on Facebook?
Great conversations happening there.

C:\&gt; Your brainwaves ... See Tan Le demo an astonishing neuro-headset on #TED 
Blockbuster science #TED talk. Dimitar Sasselov describes discovery of 100s of Earth-like planets 
Naif Al-Mutawa shares the story behind his new generation of Islam-inspired comics, fighting evildoers and extremism: 
Today's #TED talk: From #TEDGlobal 2010, Julian Assange on why the world needs @WikiLeaks 
Today's #TED: Fresh from TEDGlobal 2010, Elif Shafak on the politics of fiction 
Today's #TED talk: Fresh from #TED Global, Ethan Zuckerman @ethanz on how to listen to global voices.  
Matt Ridley says "ideas having sex with each other" drives human progress  ... First talk from #TED Global 2010!
It's time for TED! 
We'll be livetweeting on @TEDNews & sharing pics.
Please follow. 
#TED
From TEDxOilSpill: Carl Safina's blood-boiling cross-examination of the hard facts, from spill to clean-up  #TED #TEDx
TEDGlobal 2010 kicks-off in 2 days! 
We'll be livetweeting on @TEDNews and sharing pics.
Please follow. 
#TED
Nalini Nadkarni takes science into unexpected places, like the prisons of Washington state, with surprising results: 
Ellen Gustafson says obesity and hunger are both simply symptoms of our global food crisis, and proposes change: 
#TED Fellow Mitchell Joachim shares designs for architecture grown from plants and other living tissue 
Today's #TED talk, from #MissionBlue: Stephen Palumbi on the link between the ocean's health + ours 
Ellen Dunham-Jones: The next 50 years' big sustainable design project will be retrofitting suburbia.  #TED
Today's #TED: Clay Shirky on how cognitive surplus will change the world 
TEDTalks turns 4 today!  Share your story: How did you discover @TEDTalks? #TED
Hillel Cooperman looks into Lego blocks' colorful, sometimes oddball adult subculture  #TED
Today's #TED: Charles Leadbeater went looking for education innovation -- and found it in the slums. 
Graphic artist Marian Bantjes shows us her delicate, playful designs and reveals the bold thinking behind them: 
We count our money, belongings, years on the job. Chip Conley wants us to count the things that really matter.  #TED
Ananda Shankar Jayant was diagnosed with cancer, but refused to stop dancing. Her story and performance of strength: 
Cameron Herold says we should raise children to be entrepreneurs #TED #TEDx #TEDxEdmonton 
Today's #TED, from #missionblue: Peter Tyack on the intriguing sound of marine mammals 
Today's #TED: YouTube's Margaret Stewart gives a short primer on YouTube + digital rights: 
UFOs, dowsing, your "lucky" World Cup jersey ... Michael Shermer explores and explains these odd beliefs #TED 
David Byrne says that new venues have pushed us to create new music ... and context matters more than we realize: 
Does the world need nuclear energy? Cast your vote #NuclearYES or #NuclearNO by noon EST Fri. #TED 
Does the world need nuclear energy? Stewart Brand and Mark Z. Jacobson debate the pros and cons --  #TED
Rory Sutherland thinks that we should sweat the small stuff -- sometimes big problems have tiny, simple solutions 
Today's  #TED talk: In Namibia, conservationist John Kasaona turns poachers into caretakers 
Harvard Prof. Michael Sandel says: Let's revive the lost art of democratic argument!  #TED
Sad to hear the news that Coach John Wooden passed away.
He was a true success.
His TEDTalk, 

The man behind the amazingly massive Rube Goldberg machine in OK Go's viral music video explains how he did it: 
Today's #TED talk, from #missionblue: Photographer Brian Skerry reveals the ocean's beauty -- and horror 
Lawrence Lessig reveals what Republicans and remix culture have in common: 
Seth Berkley reveals new advances that are bringing us closer than ever to vaccines for HIV and flu pandemics: 
Today's #TED talk, from Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy: Inside a school for suicide bombers 
Announcing the TEDGlobal 2010 Fellows!
Inspiring group.

Johanna Blakley on lessons from the fashion industry's copyright-free culture --  #TED #TEDx
This #TED feed is among the 140 most influential feeds on Twitter, says @iA  
TED MILESTONE: We posted our 700th TEDTalk today.
Amazing!
A special thank you to all of our incredible speakers.
Sir Ken Robinson says it's time for a learning revolution -- Watch his new #TED talk 
Craig Venter unveils "synthetic life" -- watch the historic announcement on #TED 
Tomorrow morning on #TED: Craig Venter's historic announcement of synthetic life in TEDTalk form! Watch for it on 
Today's #TED is a short talk from Richard Sears: After oil, what's next? 
A rare, 1972 clip of legendary psychiatrist and Holocaust-survivor Viktor Frankl is today's Best of the Web talk #TED 
Comedian Julia Sweeney's 8-year-old starts learning about frog reproduction, and then asks some very smart questions 
Happy 1 yr anniversary TED Open Translation Project!
4,000 translators. 9,000 translations. 75 languages. 
THANK YOU!

Math class needs a makeover, says educator Dan Meyer #TED #TEDx 
Did you know that happiness (or obesity) can spread to you from your friends' friends? Nicholas Christakis explains: 
Today on #TED, Thomas Dolby premieres a brand-new song: "Love Is a Loaded Pistol" 
Anil Gupta is on the hunt for the developing world's unsung inventors --  #TED
Today's #TED talk from #missionblue: Jeremy Jackson on how we wrecked the ocean 
TED Open TV Project just launched!
Learn more, 

#w2e
Watch TED's @junecohen speak @ Web2.0 @ 7:30 EST for an exciting announcement 

Simon Sinek says that the greatest leaders all had one thing in common -- they started by asking "Why?" 
Webby winners announced,

TED won Best Event & Best Radio/Podcast.
Thanks to those who voted.
Esther Duflo is applying hard science in testing the solutions to poverty -- with randomized trials. 
This one's for you, #TED fans: Sebastian Wernicke's tongue-in-cheek analysis of @TEDTalks 
LAST CALL:
Please vote for TED in the Webby People's Voice Awards, 

Thank you.
George Whitesides talks about why we need to study simplicity -- and why we should strive for it #TED 
We need your help! Please vote for TED in the Webby People's Voice Awards, 
Thank you.
Today's #TED talk, from #missionblue! Roz Savage: Why I'm rowing alone across the Pacific 
Can computation explain the universe? Stephen Wolfram thinks so. Astonishing talk at #TED -- 
Kavita Ramdas tells the stories of radical women who are embracing both traditional culture and feminist change: 
Today is #WorldMalariaDay. Watch @BillGates' TEDTalk about malaria, 
Today's #TED: What's the best way to communicate with a politician? Omar Ahmad says: Write a letter. It works. 
Today's #TED talk: Tom Wujec on surprising results from a team-building exercise (try it) 
TED is up for five Webby Awards! We'd really appreciate your vote. All noms and links to cast your ballot: 
TED Senior Fellow Frederick Balagadde shows the micro-chemostat -- a diagnostic lab squeezed to the size of chip  #TED
#TED video: Peter Greenberg at #TEDxVolcano on the sobering realities of post-volcano travel. Scary, unmissable: 
Today's #TED talk: James Randi challenges psychics: Prove what you do is real & I'll give you $1m 
Astounding glowing creatures-from-the-deep star in Edith Widder's blockbuster #TED talk at #MissionBlue  
#TEDxVolcano webcast starts NOW,

More on the event here, 
An astonishing choir performance made possible by the Internet ... #TED 
TED is up for five Webby Awards! We'd really appreciate your vote. All noms and links to cast your ballot: 
Today's talk, from #TED 2009: Thelma Golden on how art shapes + reflects cultural change 
Today's #TED talk is the first from #missionblue! Look through Mike deGruy's lens on ocean wonders 
Today's talk: Catherine Mohr on the geeky data behind green building  #TED
Jonathan Klein shows how images can change the perception of an entire generation: 
Jonathan Drori gives an up-close glimpse of the stunningly colorful and strange micro-world of pollen --  #TED
RT @MissionBlue Sylvia Earle's new website is live!  Explore the ocean's hope spots, and get ready for #missionblue
Dean Kamen talks about the profound people and stories that motivate his work on the prosthetic "Luke arm"  #TED
Public health expert Elizabeth Pisani's funny and frank take on sex, drugs and the spread of HIV. 
Jesse Schell makes a startling prediction about the future of gaming -- and the future of daily life  #TED best-of-web
Follow @missionblue as they set out on the Mission Blue Voyage for Sylvia's TEDPrize wish, 
#FF
Child prodigy Adora Svitak says the world needs more "childish" thinking: bold ideas, wild creativity ...  #TED
Dramatic #TED talk today: a scientific genius warns of a solar threat to the planet ... but will the skeptics listen? 
Did you just receive the TED weekly email?

If not, subscribe here, 

Through "The Long News," Kirk Citron shares the news that will matter in 50, 100 or even 1000 years. 
Shukla Bose on how her foundation is bringing education -- and hope -- to India's slums --  #TED
Today's talk, from #TED 2010: Kevin Bales combats the multibillion-dollar business of slavery 
Patsy Rodenburg says the world needs actors more than ever. Find out why in this new #TED best-of-web talk -- 
Today's talk, from #TED 2010: Robert Gupta on the violin lesson that changed his life  (plus a gorgeous performance)
Today's talk, from #TEDxNASA: Joel Levine on why we need to go back to Mars (and how we could get there)  #TED
Liked Alan Siegel's talk today? Don't miss Philip Howard on his 4 ways to fix a broken legal system  --  #TED
Today's talk, from #TED 2010: TED Fellow Juliana Machado Ferreira on saving smuggled wild animals  #TEDFellow
RT Today's talk, from #TED 2010: Sam Harris says science can answer moral questions 
Sorry! Today's TEDTalk having a technical issue. We're on it. Will reteweet when we're back up live. #TED
Sam Harris says science can answer moral questions --  #TED
Douglas Adams talks about the apparently absurd lifestyles of a few rare creatures (new #TED best-of-web talk) 
Ken Kamler's story of an Everest climbing disaster and one man who survived roughly 36 hours buried in the snow 
Reality is broken, says Jane McGonigal, and we need to make it work more like a game --  #TED
Today's #TED, from Eric Dishman: Remake healthcare now, or our aging population will crash the system. Here's how 
Today's talk, from #TED 2010: Mark Roth's startling research on suspended animation 
Eric Mead uses illusion and a large needle to demonstrate the amazing power of the placebo effect. 
We also have a #sxsw panel on social translation & how to make your website more accessible to a global audience, 
Going to #sxsw? 
We're really excited that Damian Kulash of #OKGo will be part of our viral video panel,
 
Come by.
"I've known a lot of fish in my life. I've loved only two," says chef Dan Barber on #TED 
Paralympic Games start Friday! Read CNN's interview with athlete Aimee Mullins: 
Today's talk, a short from #TED 2010: Gary Lauder's great idea for solving traffic tie-ups 
"There is an open data movement afoot, now, around the world." WWW inventor Tim Berners-Lee on #TED 
Need a little Sunday inspiration? Try Srikumar Rao on happiness  (new Best of the Web talk on #TED)
Richard Feynman explains what things are like at the atomic scale --  (New Best of the Web talk on #TED)
"When I dance, I want people to question the reality of what they're seeing" Madd Chadd of The LXD. At TED2010: 
The LXD electrified TED2010. Watch them show off their astonishing dance superpowers ...  #TED
From today's talk by James Cameron: "Failure is an option, fear is not." 
James Cameron: "Secretly, I wanted to dive to the real wreck that was Titanic. And that's why I made the movie." 
Today's talk, from #TED 2010: Gary Flake demos Pivot, a new way to zoom through images and data on the web 
Today's talk, from #TED India: Harsha Bhogle: The rise of cricket, the rise of India 
Daniel Kahneman's surprising research on the mind: an "experiencing self" and a "remembering self," at odds  #TED
"Being happy in your life and being happy about your life are two very different things." -- Daniel Kahneman on #TED 
@reiver Best course for technical questions is to email contact@ted.com with as many details as you can. It will get to the right person.
RT @TEDchris: If you were wowed by Claire Danes in the HBO movie, try the real Temple Grandin on #TED  Amazing talk.
Today's talk, from #TED 2010: Autism activist Temple Grandin says the world needs all kinds of minds 
Eric Topol predicts doctors will say goodbye to the stethoscope in the next 10 years. Instead? An iPhone:  #TED
"Of all the animals we've domesticated, the most important has been us." Kevin Kelly on technology -- #TED talk 
The word "technology" was first used in 1829, but its definition is still elusive. Kevin Kelly gives it a try...  #TED
Today's #TED talk, from TED2010: Bill Gates on energy: Innovating to zero! 
"Adversity isn't an obstacle, it is our lives." Aimee Mullins at TEDMED. 
Jamie Oliver's incredibly inspiring TED Prize talk on changing the way our children eat is up on TED.com!  #TED
CNN.com will exclusively live stream @Jamie_Oliver’s 2010 @TEDPrize wish at 8.50pm (ET) on  Make sure to tune in!
@benoliver999 We are aware of issues with select HD files & working on remedying. Try the video podcast for your iPod. Quality is good.
#TED 2010 sessions start tomorrow. You can view coverage: blog, photos & tweets here,  and follow live on @TEDNews.
Can patterns in paint predict new life forms? Artist Tom Shannon thinks so ... watch his #TED talk 
Listen to George Whitesides' #TED talk to the very end for a priceless definition of "simplicity." 
Learn how Photoshop can help diagnose disease in legendary chemist George Whitesides' #TED talk -- 
The healthcare worker of the future is "an unemployed 18-year-old with a backpack, a lancet and an AK-47." #TED talk 
One week until TED2010! Please follow @TEDNews for live tweet coverage of the event.
When his brother became terminally ill, Jamie Heywood created a powerful web community of patients and info. 
Today's #TED talk: Sendhil Mullainathan uses behavioral economics to look at "unsolvable" problems 
"Failure taught me things about myself I could have learned no other way." JK Rowling's Best of the Web talk on #TED 
An infant warmer that's 0.1% the cost of a traditional incubator: #TED Fellow Jane Chen shows her design  
As infant mortality decreases, so does the rate of population growth. Surprised? Learn why in this #TED talk: 
20 million low-birth-weight and premature babies are born each year. 4 million die. See Jane Chen's solution on #TED 
A theater than can redesign itself at the touch of a button -- 
 #TED talk
"No doctor has ever asked me, 'Where have you lived?'" - Bill Davenhall #TED talk  
"If I wanted to have a heart attack, I've lived in the right places." #TED talk on "geo-medicine"  
New Best of the Web talks: Richard Dawkins on evolution, poet Taylor Mali on teaching -- 
Sivamani: Drummer who blends East & West with a water jug, luggage, spoons and a tin elephant to make rhythm heaven: 
Today's talk: Anthony Atala on growing new organs -- 
Today's talk: Ravin Agarwal: 10 young Indian artists to watch -- 

Want to be a 2010 TEDGlobal Fellow?
Applications are now open! 
Apply here, 
#TEDFellow
Today's talk: Charles Fleischer insists: All things are Moleeds -- 
A moving reading by Haitian author Edwidge Danticat during an earlier humanitarian crisis -- 
How to help Haiti: A considered recommendation from #TED: 
@mutuku This is a great solution and we are aware of this and know those involved. Thank you.
@GF_Insider Great suggestion! Will share. Thank you.
@cassie_rice Things like: ways to get aid, ways to find people, ways to get help to those in need.
RT @TEDChris
TED has been asked by govt to help find best tech solutions for aiding Haiti. If you have suggestions, email chris@ted.com
Today's talk: Lalitesh Katragadda says, Maps matter. How collaborative maps can help fight disaster, build economies 
We're celebrating a BIG milestone!
200 MILLION views of TEDTalks to date, 
Thanks to all of you for watching.
#TED
TED.com now has 4,000 published translations in 62 languages! We're full of gratitude and awe for volunteer translators. Thank you.
Today's talk: Kiran Bir Sethi teaches kids to take charge -- 

Today's talk: Wildlife conservationist Kartick Satyanarayan: How we rescued the "dancing" bears -- 
New Best of the Web talks: Randy Pausch's "Last Lecture," Robert Sapolsky, Matt Weinstein 
Today's talk: Legendary jazz pianist Herbie Hancock's all-star set -- 

Today's talk: Herpetologist Romulus Whitaker: The real danger lurking in the water -- 
Today's talk: Dan Buettner: How to live to be 100+ 
Today's talk: Nick Veasey exposes the invisible with giant X-ray images 
Today's talk: Neuroscientist VS Ramachandran: The neurons that shaped civilization 
Happy New Year! Today's talk: Bertrand Piccard's solar-powered adventure -- 
NEW TED.com feature:The Best of the Web,  Steve Jobs: How to live before you die,  Suggest one!
Today's talk: Asher Hasan's message of peace from Pakistan -- 
TED 2010 speaker line-up just announced!
Check here, 
So many great speakers/performers.
#TED
Today's talk: Nuclear physicist Steven Cowley: Fusion is energy's future -- 
Congrats to Jamie Oliver/@jamie_oliver on winning the TED Prize for 2010.
Read more on the TED blog, 
Today's talk: Social entrepreneur Shaffi Mather: A new way to fight corruption -- 
Thank you for your patience. All is well and TED.com is back up. Now go watch a TEDTalk, 
We are aware TED.com is down due to a network issue with our hosting provider. We're sorry and hope to be up and running shortly.Update soon
Today's talk: Alexis Ohanian of Reddit: How to make a splash in social media -- 
Today's talk: Ryan Lobo: Photographing the hidden story -- 
Today's talk: Loretta Napoleoni: The intricate economics of terrorism -- 

Today's talk: Shereen El Feki: Pop culture in the Arab world -- 
Now on the TED Blog: amazing Q&A with Sunitha Krishnan on her fight against sex slavery: 
Today's talk: Marc Pachter: The art of the interview -- 
Today's talk: Rory Bremner's one-man world summit -- 
Today's talk: Scott Kim takes apart the art of puzzles 
Today's Talk: Anupam Mishra: The ancient ingenuity of water harvesting -- 
Today's talk: Astronomer Andrea Ghez hunts for a supermassive black hole -- 
Today's talk: Gordon Brown on global ethic vs. national interest -- 
Today's talk, from #TEDIndia: Shashi Tharoor on why nations should pursue "soft" power 
Today's TEDTalk, from #TEDIndia: Mallika Sarabhai dances to change the world 
Today's talk: Magnus Larsson: Turning dunes into architecture -- 
What's your favorite #TEDTalk? Discuss on Reddit now: 
Today's talk: Rob Hopkins on the Transition to a world without oil 
Today's Talk: From TEDIndia, Hans Rosling: Asia's rise -- how and when 

Today's talk: Tom Wujec demos the 13th century astrolabe -- 
Today's talk: At #TEDIndia, Devdutt Pattanaik on East vs. West -- the myths that mystify 
Today's talk: Fields Wicker Miurin: Learning from leadership's "missing manual" -- 
Today's talk: Mathieu Lehanneur demos science-inspired design -- 
Today's talk: Cynthia Schneider on the spread of "Idol" TV around the world, and its surprising effects 
The TEDBlog will also be bringing you updates on the Charter for Compassion  #compassion
Instead of today's TEDTalk, please visit the TED homepage to read and affirm the Charter for Compassion  #compassion
TEDPrize winner Karen Armstrong just unveiled the Charter for #Compassion, 

Please read, affirm/sign & share
TEDPrize winner Karen Armstrong unveils the Charter for #Compassion at 10 am EST today. Follow @TheCharter & 
#TED Prize winning photographer Ed Burtynsky with a spectacular new 3-min talk on the landscape of oil 
Today's talk: Rachel Pike: The science behind a climate headline -- 
Today's talk, from TEDGlobal U: Architect Cameron Sinclair on the refugees of boom-and-bust 
#TEDIndia final session is starting now. FREE LIVE webcast, 
REMINDER:#TEDIndia closing session starts in 1hr,  Speakers, 
@maeghith Right now you can only view and embed. We're working on downloadble mp4s.
Good morning! #TEDIndia Day 2 is kicking off now. Follow live tweets on @TEDnews. Please let us know if you have questions.
There was a sound issue with the webcast, but all is working now. Thanks for your patience.
#TEDIndia starts now!
FREE LIVE WEBCAST,   Speaker line-up,  
Follow @TEDnews for coverage
REMINDER: The #TEDIndia FREE LIVE WEBCAST starts in 1 hr,   Speaker line-up,  Follow @TEDnews.
#TEDIndia Day 1 kicks off in 12 hours
Watch FREE LIVE WEBCAST here, 
Speaker line-up,

FREE LIVE WEBCAST of #TEDIndia Day 1/THURS & last session/SAT
Watch here, 
Speaker line-up,

Good news -- watch Sessions 1, 2, 3 and 9 of TEDIndia for free! See the TEDBlog for details:  #TEDIndia
Today's talk: Stefana Broadbent: How the Internet enables intimacy -- 
Special today: 6 new #TEDTalks about Compassion from a range of perspectives: Jewish, Muslim, nonreligious, more ... 
First onsite impressions from #TEDIndia setup: 
Today's talk: Young brass virtuoso Matthew White gives the euphonium a new voice -- 
Today's talk: Explore symmetry's hidden side with Oxford mathematician Marcus du Sautoy -- 
Today's talk: Becky Blanton: The year I was homeless -- 
Today's talk: David Deutsch: A new way to explain explanation 
Today's talk: Ian Goldin: Navigating our global future -- 

Today's talk: Marc Koska: The devastating toll of syringe reuse -- 
Today's talk: Itay Talgam: Lead like the great conductors -- 
Today's talk: Paul Debevec animates a photo-real digital face -- 
Today's Talk: John Gerzema: The post-crisis consumer -- 

Today's #TED: Julian Treasure on the 4 ways sound affects us. Short and surprising! 
Today's talk: Henry Markram: Supercomputing the brain's secrets -- 
Today's talk: Rory Sutherland: Life lessons from an ad man -- 
Read Evgeny Morozov's answers to the latest Reddit-powered, TED community-driven Q&A: 
Today's talk: David Hanson: Robots that "show emotion" -- 

Today's talk: Eric Sanderson pictures New York City's natural history -- 
Today's talk: Sam Martin builds a "manspace" -- a room of his own -- 
Today's talk: Beau Lotto's color illusions spotlight what you can't normally see: how your brain works -- 
Today's talk: Nigerian novelist Chimamanda Adichie: The danger of a single story -- 
Today's talk, from #TEDxUSC: David Logan on tribal leadership 
Today's #TEDTalk: Carolyn Steel on how our cities are shaped by food 
Today's talk: Stefan Sagmeister on the power of time off 
Today's talk: Astronomer Garik Israelian studies the stuff of stars 
Today's talk: Karen Armstrong says, Let's revive the Golden Rule -- 
Today's talk: Tim Brown urges designers to think big -- 
Today's Talk: Parag Khanna maps the future of countries -- 
RT @tednews The Vancouver Peace Summit is live on the web. Dalai Lama speaking now.  #peace
The healthcare debate meets moral psychology: A TED Blog weekend exclusive with social psychologist Jonathan Haidt -- 
Ask Evgeny Morozov anything -- 
Today's Talk: Jacqueline Novogratz: A third way to think about aid -- 
Today's Talk: Taryn Simon photographs secret sites -- 
Today's talk: William Kamkwamba: How I harnessed the wind: 
Today's talk: Evgeny Morozov says the Internet strengthens dictatorships. Is the Internet what Orwell feared? 
Today's talk: Jonathan Zittrain on the Web as random acts of kindness 
Today's talk: Imogen Heap's gorgeous acoustic take on "Wait It Out" 
Q&A with Oliver Sacks on the TED Blog. Details on his unreleased book, his visual hallucinations and more: 
Today's talk: Oliver Sacks: What hallucination reveals about our minds 
Today's talk: John Lloyd inventories the invisible: 
Live panel w/ @junecohen /TED, @sorayad /NYT @dberkowitz /360i @peterfriedman /LiveWorld @ninabuik /HP  
@afterthree Just updated it, 
Today 1pm EDT, hear #TED's June Cohen talk about social media. The panel is called "Hype or Here?" 
RT @TEDNews Today 1pmEDT, hear #TED's June Cohen talk about social media. The panel is called "Hype or Here?" :) 
Today's talk: Bjarke Ingels: 3 warp-speed architecture stories 
Today's Talk: Misha Glenny investigates the globally networked, booming business of crime. 
Today's Talk: Vishal Vaid's hypnotic song, based on the traditional music of South Asia 
Today's Talk --Rebecca Saxe: How brains make moral judgments 
#TED.com is back up -- thanks for your patience! A great new TEDTalk is coming up in the morning.
RT @TEDNews #TED.com will be down for maintenance for about 30 minutes. Missing TEDTalks? Find us at the iTunes Store; search "tedtalks"
Hans Rosling answers community questions from TED and Reddit: 
Today's talk, from #TEDGlobal 2009: Photographer James Balog's time-lapse proof of extreme ice loss 
Archive gems for Labor Day: Watch these TEDTalks about hard work 
Today's talk: Steve Truglia takes a leap from the edge of space 
Today's talk, from #TEDGlobal 09: Evan Grant's cool demo of cymatics, the art of making soundwaves visible 
Today's talk: Geoff Mulgan talks about how, after the crash, we can invest to create a better world 
Today's Talk: Josh Silver demos adjustable liquid-filled eyeglasses -- 
Today's Talk: Natasha Tsakos' multimedia theatrical adventure in the one-woman show "Upwake" 
Check out this spreadsheet of all 500 TEDTalks. Have you seen them all? 
 #TED500
What's your favorite TEDTalk and why? #TED500
It's our 500th TEDTalk today! Hans Rosling shares some new datasets that will change your mindset: 
Today's talk: Eric Giler demos wireless electricity 
New TEDTalk today! From TEDGlobal 2009, Dan Pink on the surprising science of motivation: 
From the online archives: Ben Saunders skis to the North Pole -- 
Today’s archived talk comes from Ashraf Ghani, a contender in today’s presidential election in Afghanistan--
Today's archive gem is a powerful story from Corneille Ewango: A hero of the Congo forest -- 
For today's talk we've resurrected Kevin Kelly's 2005 talk on how technology evolves: 
Today's archive highlight: Jacqueline Novogratz invests in ending poverty --  
Today's highlighted archive gem: Chris Abani on the stories of Africa -- 
Today's archived favorite is Larry Brilliant's talk on stopping pandemics: 
Ken Robinson answers questions from the first joint TED and Reddit "Ask Anything": 
Today's talk is another buried treasure from 2005: Iqbal Quadir says mobiles fight poverty: 
Another classic from the archives of 2005: Neil Gershenfeld on Fab Labs: 
Today, we're highlighting an archive gem all the way from 2005: Jimmy Wales on the birth of Wikipedia: 
From child soldier to hip hop peace activist. The extraordinary, moving story of Emmanuel Jal lit up #TED 
Today's talk: Janine Benyus: Biomimicry in action 
Today's talk: Economist Paul Romer unveils a radical idea: Charter Cities 
Today's talk, from TEDGlobal 2009: Michael Pritchard makes filthy water drinkable 
Today's talk, from TEDGlobal 2009:  Willard Wigan: Hold your breath for micro-sculpture 
Today's talk, from TEDGlobal 2009 last week: Elaine Morgan says we evolved from aquatic apes  #TED
Today's talk, from TED2009 this spring: Golan Levin's witty art uses robotics, software, cognitive research ... 
Today's talk, from TEDGlobal 2009 last week: Alain de Botton's kinder, gentler philosophy of success 
Check out the TED Blog coverage of #TED Global -- and let us know what talks to post next: 
Tonight's talk: Gordon Brown's vision of global good. From today's TEDGlobal session in Oxford.  #TED
Today's talk: Nina Jablonski breaks the illusion of skin color: 

Today's talk: Jim Fallon explores the minds of psychopathic killers: 
@HeyGaston AWESOME. Thanks!
RT @TEDNews Go behind the scenes of a TEDTalk with our new mini-documentary: 
Today's talk: Daniel Kraft invents a better way to harvest bone marrow 
RT @TEDchris Today's #TED talk is from a revered creator of spectacular public art projects, Olafur Eliasson 
Today's talk: Stewart Brand proclaims 4 environmental 'heresies' 
Today: Explore archive TEDTalks from upcoming #TEDGlobal 2009 speakers -- some amazing gems: 
Today's talk: Kary Mullis' next-gen cure for killer infections -- 
Today's talk: Sophal Ear: Escaping the Khmer Rouge 
Today's talk: Information designer Tom Wujec on 3 ways the brain creates meaning 
Today's talk: Daniel Libeskind's 17 words for architectural inspiration -- or any creative endeavor 
Today's talk: Arthur Benjamin's formula for changing math education 
@jack_benoff TED's response:  (FYI: TED_Tweets is a fan-created feed; use @tedtalks to reach TED promptly!)
@mademan_com You may want to follow TED's official feed @tedtalks as well. (TED_Talks is a fan-created feed.) And thanks for spreading TED!
@utoopist You may want to follow TED's official feed @tedtalks as well. (TED_Talks is a fan-created feed.) And thanks for spreading TED!
@AnnaBanana74 You may want to follow TED's official feed @tedtalks as well. TED_Talks is a fan-created feed. And thanks for spreading TED!
Today's Talk: Katherine Fulton: You are the future of philanthropy 
@davidmbeasley try  again -- this should be fixed now. Thanks for the heads-up.
Today's talk: From TED@State, Paul Collier's new rules for rebuilding a broken nation  #TEDState
A note on today's TEDTalks posting: 
Today's talk: Psychologist Philip Zimbardo prescribes a healthy take on time 
Today's talk: Electrifying organ performance by virtuoso Qi Zhang 
Today's Talk: Ex-Moonie Diane Benscoter: How cults think 

Today's talk is the first from TED@State: Clay Shirky: How cellphones, Twitter, Facebook can make history  #TEDState
Today: Jane Poynter: Life in Biosphere 2 -- the first talk from a TEDx event to be featured on TED.com 
Today: Richard St. John: "Success is a continuous journey" -- Stop working at it and you lose it. 
Today: Robert Full is the biology prof you'd die for. Bet you never knew gecko's tails could do this!  #TED
New: Nancy Etcoff on the fascinating, often counterintuitive science of happiness 
Two demos today: Kevin Surace invents eco-friendly drywall  John La Grou plugs smart power outlets 
Today's TEDTalk: Pete Alcorn's short, optimistic talk on the new Enlightenment -- and why Malthus was wrong ... 
Today's talk: Media big shot Felix Dennis roars his fiery, funny, sometimes racy original poetry ... 
Follow the TED@State event today on the feed @TEDNews #TEDState
Today's Talk: Yann Arthus-Bertrand captures fragile Earth in wide-angle -- 
Today's talk: Ray Kurzweil unveils a new university for the coming singularity -- 
Today's talk: Liz Coleman's call to reinvent liberal arts education. 
Today's talk: Kaki King rocks out to "Playing with Pink Noise" 
Today's Talk: Jonathan Drori: Why we're storing billions of seeds 
Today's talk: Jay Walker on the world's English mania 
New: Terrific, short #TED talk on delayed gratification: "Don't eat the marshmallow!"  (hilarious vid @ 2:45)
Today's talk: Yves Behar's supercharged motorcycle design: 
Today's talk: Carolyn Porco: Could a Saturn moon harbor life? 
Today's Talk: Mary Roach reveals 10 things you didn't know about orgasm. Adult content, viewer discretion advised: 
In today's news: They've found the Missing link! 
RT @TEDNews Bonus blog post from Dan Ariely: Why 2008 was a good year for behavioral economics 
New: "Predictably Irrational" author Dan Ariely asks, Are we in control of our own decisions? 
New: Ray Anderson got a standing O for his smart-sustainability talk at #TED, live on the site today 
Today's talk: One-of-a-kind R&B group Naturally 7 beatboxes a whole band: 
Today;s talk: Nandan Nilekani's ideas for India's future -- 
Today's talk: Hans Rosling shares new facts on HIV -- 
Subtitles and searchable transcripts of TEDTalks now available in العربية, Deutsch, हिन्दी, ไทย, and more! 
New: Eric Lewis find chaos and harmony in the piano, and plays a tribute to the TED Prize winners 
Today's talk: Seth Godin on the power of tribes 
Today's talk: Louise Fresco on how to feed the whole world 
Today's talk: Al Gore warns on latest climate trends: 
Today's talk: Tom Shannon's anti-gravity sculpture: 
New: Brian Cox's short talk on what went wrong, and what's next, at the Large Hadron Collider 
Dear @TEDTalks followers, would you like more #TED news on this feed, or just the day's TEDTalk announcement? @ me and lmk -- and thank you!
@sue_l you might also like TED's official feed, @TEDTalks (TED_Tweets is a fan-created feed) -- and thanks for spreading #TED!
@todaysbesttweet please direct your followers to TED's real feed, @TEDTalks . TED_TALKS is a fan feed, not from TED.
New: Laurie Garrett asks, "What can we learn from the 1918 flu?"  #TED
Crowd-sourced TV! HONORED to have #TED chosen as 1st 3rd-party channel on  See 
@ramidio @TED_Talks is a fan-created feed; you're not reaching #TED there. Follow here and @ us to talk to TED. And thanks for yr feedback!
@mnrqz Use our Speaker Nomination form and make the case!  #TED
@merlyngordon happens to me a lot too ... did you ask what his favorite TEDTalk was?
@rdtruncellito Maybe apply for TEDGlobal at reduced rate  or a Fellowship for TEDIndia 
@jochenjasch Saw your note to TED_Tweets -- that's a fan feed, you're not talking to TED there. Here's Alex Tabarrok: 
Today's talk: Sarah Jones as a one-woman global village 
Today's talk: Michael Merzenich on the re-wiring of the brain 
Now: A followup Q&A with Alex Tabarrok on the #TED Blog (he answers questions from the TED.com forums!) 
New: Alex Tabarrok on how ideas trump economic crises -- with a surprising lesson from 1929  #TED
New: Ben Katchor's delightful comic tales of lost New York 
New: How texting and GoogleMaps helped Kenyans survive last year's crisis 
New: Design legend Niels Diffrient rethinks the way we sit down 
RT @TEDChris: Registration just opened for up-and-coming world-changers to join our TEDIndia Fellows Program 
New: From #TED U 2009, 9 rules for rock-climbing (and life) 
New from EG'08: Tim Ferriss on how to feel like the Incredible Hulk 
New: We demo the AlloSphere, a stunning new way to see and hear complex scientific data 
New: Gregory Stock asks "Should humans edit their own genomes?" 
@lbraca You can find out more about TEDx on this site:  and thanks for asking!
New: Shai Agassi's radical plan to put an electric car in every garage 
New: Busted! The sneaky tricks of antisocial smartphone users. New #TED talk, short and funny! 
New: RT @TEDChris Emily Levine is a comic genius. She'll have you by 0:45  #TED
New: Bonnie Bassler on how bacteria "talk" to each other -- and what that means for us 
New: 3 bold predictions on the future of Iran (and how to use math to predict almost anything)  #TED
New: Nathaniel Kahn searches for "My Architect" 
New from #TED 2009: PW Singer on the robots of war 
New: Christopher Deam's Airstream trailer makeover 
New: Extreme wingsuit flying! How, why and ... WOW. 
New: From TED2009, Jacek Utko asks, Can design save the newspaper? 
New: Poet C.K. Williams reads his work about childhood resentments, college loves, youth and age 
New: Nathan Wolfe is hunting for the next AIDS in the jungles of Africa 
New: Legendary coach John Wooden on the difference between winning and success 
New: At the EG'08 conference, David Pogue shares mobile phone tools to boost productivity, lower bills 
New from TED2009: Saul Griffith and his super-kite that taps the energy of high-altitude wind 
@Dotwebs You're welcome to share TEDTalks on your blog -- find the embed code on the Talk page, and thanks for spreading TED!
New from TED09: Kamal Meattle shows you how to grow your own fresh air 
New: From Serious Play '08, Bruce McCall's nostalgia for a future that never happened 
New: From EG'08, Adam Savage on his obsession with the dodo bird 
New: Dan Ariely on our predictably irrational morals 
New: Dan Dennett from TED U 2009 on why things are cute, sexy, sweet and funny 
New: Tim Berners-Lee (he invented the web 20 years ago this month) on the next Web of open, linked data 
New: From Serious Play 08, Stuart Brown talks about fun, and why we should have it 
New from TED U 2009: Aimee Mullins on how her 12 pairs of legs give her super-powers. Funny and amazing 
Premiering in 30 minutes: our 400th TEDTalk! What's your favorite "sleeper" -- the talk you didn't think you'd like but did?
New: Amazing demo of the Sixth Sense from MIT 
New: Don Norman on the 3 ways good design makes us happy 
New: From TED2009, jazz/alt-rock pianist Eric Lewis -- a powerful talent: 
New: From EG'08, Mike Rowe on hard labor and dirty jobs 
TED ringtones! 
New: Nalini Nadkarni on the beautiful, fragile world of rainforest treetop ecosystems 
New from TED2009, Willie Smits shares a 20-year tale of hope: How we re-grew a rainforest 
New: An archive gem! Brenda Laurel from TED1998 on making games for girls 
New: Evan Williams on how user innovation drives Twitter 
Followup: We interview Richard Pyle for more stories of deep dives (and sharks): 
New: Richard Pyle dives the ocean's Twilight Zone. Amazing talk from TED2004 
New: Capt. Charles Moore on the Great Pacific Garbage Patch 
New: From TED2009, Ed Ulbrich on his astounding, Oscar-winning effects for "Benjamin Button" 
New TED Prize video: Jill Tarter of SETI Institute, on why the search for alien intelligence matters 
New: Here's how to protect the blue heart of the planet, from #TED Prize winner Sylvia Earle 
@Legere Look for Sylvia Earle on TED.com tomorrow. It's such a great talk.
New tonight! A bonus talk from TED2009: Gustavo Dudamel conducts El Sistema's youth orchestra. Amazing (and live): 
Stand by for an amazing bonus TEDTalk tonight!
New: Jose Antonio Abreu's TED Prize wish! Help me bring music to kids worldwide 
New: Juan Enriquez: How mindboggling science will outlast the crisis 
New: From TED2009, Barry Schwartz asks, When did we stop being wise? 
New: From TED2009, David Merrill demos Siftables, the toy blocks that think 
New: From the TED archives, Milton Glaser on how design makes ideas new 
RT @ted2009 Bill Gates' talk (on mosquitoes, malaria and education) transcribed: 
TEDTalks is taking a day off today, Tuesday. Watch for more talks this week, from TED2009 and from our amazing archive.
New: Fresh from TED2009, Elizabeth Gilbert's talk about genius 
#TED and interactive transcripts. Oh yes
#TED 6 TEDTalks translated into 25 languages, and we open volunteer translation to the world with a neat new tool
#TED a major announcement re the TEDTalks happening now: the TED translation program
#TED love the idea of ocean "hope spots"
#TED (but when do we get Google Ocean?)
#TED Sylvia Earle on the assets of the ocean
New: Bill Gates' #TED Talk from yesterday at TED2009 
We are working on plans to re-webcast Session 5 for Associates. News as we have it. Thanks for your patience!
Stream is back UP. Please refresh. We'll update you if there's anything you need to know.
If you following people watching the TED web stream, please RT that Long Beach has an Internet outage -- we are working on it.
We've had an Internet outage in Long Beach. We're working on getting it back up now!
For those whose Associates stream went down -- We are aware of the issue. We're working on it. We'll tweet when it goes back up.
We invite you to watch the TED Prize session live in cinemas tonight:  (Click Participating Venues)
TED2009 has taken over the TED.com homepage. And all of TED.com is still there to explore. Watch for new talks from TED2009.
RT @tedprize Watch the 2009 TED Prize winners reveal their wishes live. 
New: Bill Gross shares great ideas for finding new energy 
New: Natalie Macmaster and Donnell Leahy play the fiddle 
New: Joe DeRisi on hunting the next killer virus 
New: Aimee Mullins on running 
New: Peter Ward on Earth's mass extinctions 
New: Woody Norris on inventing and education 
TEDTalks addiction in the New York Times Magazine! 
New: Sherwin Nuland's meditation on hope 
New: Barry Schuler's primer on genomics and food 
New: Want to change the world? Jamais Cascio has some suggestions 
New: David Carson on design, discovery and humor 
New: Joseph Pine asks, what do consumers really want? 
New: Peter Reinhart on baking bread 
New: Scott McCloud on understanding comics (and the nature of vision) 
New: Rob Forbes on ways of seeing 
New: Greg Lynn on calculus and organic architecture 
New: Paul Moller on the jetcar and other flying wonders 
New: Paul Sereno digs up new dinosaurs 
New: John Maeda on his life in design, and the moment when design met computers 
Have you embedded a TEDTalk in your blog? Get fresh code for our new video player. More: 
New: Kary Mullis on the bedrock of good science: the experiment. 
New: Jennifer 8. Lee asks, Who is General Tso and why are we eating his chicken? 
Bonus new TEDTalk today! Nicholas Negroponte delivers laptops to Colombia, and TED comes along 
Just announced: the TED2009 speaker lineup: 
New: Steven Strogatz on why things tend to sync up 
Today's hidden gem: Architect Thom Mayne on organic vision 
New: Penelope Bostons says: Life on Mars? Let's look in the caves 
New: Benjamin Wallace asks, Does happiness have a price tag? 
New: Dan Gilbert shares more amazing research on happiness 
New: Jay Walker talks about his amazing library 
Today's hidden gem: Peter Gabriel's WITNESS video project 
New: Dennis vanEngelsdorp asks, What happened to the bees? 
New: Michael Milken talks about leveraging big ideas to make change 
New: Design legend Eva Zeisel on beauty and play  
New: David Holt plays mountain music 
New: A fun, short demo: Nick Sears shows off the Orb 
New: Want to see GM's plan for the future? Watch head of R&D Larry Burns 
New: Philip Rosedale on Second Life, where anything is possible 
New: Richard Preston on (and in) the world's biggest trees 
@stevekinney we're working on more audio podcasts
@LeoTwit Why yes we will!
New: Gregory Petsko on the Alzheimer's epidemic 
New: Andy Hobsbawm on creativity and green things 
New: Dan Barber's surprising parable of foie gras 
New: Bill Joy on his worries and his hopes 
New Hidden Gem: Iqbal Quadir on the power of the mobile phone to solve third-world poverty 
New: George Smoot on the design of the universe  
New: Franco Sacchi on Nigeria's amazing film industry, "Nollywood" 
New: Isaac Mizrahi on fashion, passion, and about a million other things 
New: Stewart Brand on the Clock of the Long Now (and where to put it) 
Not new but great: Belgrade journalist Sasa Vucinic talks about a new way to support a truly free press 
Today, TED Prize launches the Charter for Compassion, an ambitious plan to share the Golden Rule worldwide 
New: Charles Elachi on NASA, JPL and the Mars Rovers 
My apologies to those having trouble accessing TED! We're updating some software. Thanks for your patience; more news as I have it.
New: Samantha Power on shaking hands with the devil 
New: Lee Smolin says physics is like a good democracy 
New: Luca Turin on the science of scent 
New: Tim Brown on the powerful link between creativity and play 
New: John Francis the Planetwalker walks the Earth 
New: James Surowiecki on the day when social media became the news    
New: Fly through the ocean with sub inventor Graham Hawkes 
New: Newton Aduaka's story of Ezra, the child soldier 
New: The Inventables guys show us products (and toys) from the future 
Not new but great: Blog godmother Mena Trott talks about how social media is building a friendlier world 
New: Rives' 3-minute fairy tale -- a story of mixed emoticons 
New: Jared Diamond on why societies collapse 
New: Kristen Ashburn's heartrending photos of AIDS in Zimbabwe 
New: Talking about creativity, fulfillment and "flow" 
New: Nature vs. humans, and what we can do about it 
New: John Hodgman, in search of lost time

No new TEDTalk; we're back tomorrow with John Hodgman. Want to preview our new video player? 
New: Dean Ornish on healing and other natural wonders 
Announcing the 2009 TED Prize winners! 
New: Virginia Postrel talks about the power of glamour  
New: Paola Antonelli of MOMA on design and the elastic mind: 
New: Physicist Garrett Lisi describes his beautiful, 8-dimensional model of the universe and all its forces  
Starting Wednesday, you can help screen TEDTalks as we upload freshly encoded video. Details: 
Starting this morning and going for 2 weeks, we're updating all 300+ TEDTalks with freshly encoded video. No more LOUD intro; yes AppleTV!
New: James "AudioPoet" Burchfield plays invisible turntables 
New: Writer John Markoff on a few of his favorite tech stories 
New: Steven Johnson on the Web and the city: "While disaster strikes in one place, elsewhere, life goes on." 
New: Doris Kearns Goodwin talks about the key lessons we can learn from past presidents 
New: David Perry asks, Will videogames become better than real life? 
Yesterday, McCain and Obama both made statements on TB. Amazing. Read their statements: 
New: James Nachtwey's TED Prize wish comes true. Help him fight XDR-TB  
New: Liz Diller says architecture is a special effects machine 
New: Noah Feldman says that religion and politics are technologies  
Thinking about TED@PalmSprings? Follow  -- Kelly's checking out the Riviera today.
New: Rodney Brooks on how robots will invade our lives 
New: Steven Pinker on the world's reaction to "The Blank Slate" 
New: Caleb Chung (he invented the Furby!) and his new robot toy 
New: Laura Trice suggests we all say thank you 
New: Philip Zimbardo on how ordinary people become monsters ... or heroes 
New: Marvin Minsky on health and the human mind  
New: 10 things to know before you pitch a VC for money 
New: Eve Ensler on security, insecurity and a brand new kind of warrior 
New: Jonathan Haidt on the moral minds of conservatives and liberals. Eye-opening. 
New: Ann Cooper's passionate take on re-making the school lunch 
New: Keith Bellows celebrates the camel 
New: Carmen Agra Deedy tells a hilarious story of moms and kids 
New: David Gallo on (amazing) life in the deep oceans 
New: Dr. Irwin Redlener on surviving a nuclear attack  
New: Jane Goodall on helping humans and animals live side by side 
New: Jon Drori says we don’t know as much as we think we do 
New: Peter Hirshberg on the past and future of media 
New: XPrize's Peter Diamandis on our next giant leap in space 
New: Paul Rothemund details the immense promise of DNA folding 
Fixed! Einstein the Parrot talks and squawks about TED2006 
[resolving a technical difficulty with Einstein the Parrot -- thanks for the heads-up]
New: Einstein the Parrot talks and squawks about TED2006  
TED Prize: Win a pass to TED2009 with Dave Eggers' Once Upon a School -- deadline Oct. 31!  
New: Ory Okolloh on the making of an African activist 
New*: Sugata Mitra asks, Can kids teach themselves? 
New: John Walker re-creates great piano performances: 

New: Patricia Burchat sheds light on dark matter 
New: Nellie McKay sings "The Dog Song"  
New: Ian Dunbar on dog-friendly dog training 
New: Lennart Green's close-up card magic  
New: David Griffin, photo director for National Geographic 
New Talk! Spencer Wells on our family tree 
Archive: Jaw-dropping dance from Pilobolus. (And new TEDTalks return Monday, August 18.) 
Archive: Psychologist Dan Gilbert asks, Why are we happy? Why aren't we happy? 
Archive: Author Barry Schwartz on the paradox of choice 
Archive: Eleni Gabre-Madhin on an Ethiopian commodities market

Archive gem: Wade Davis on the world's endangered cultures 
Archive gem: Explorer Bill Stone's plan to mine the lunar ice 
Archive: Peter Donnelly on how statistics mislead us 
Archive: George Ayittey on "cheetas" vs. "hippos" 
Archive: End global warming or cure AIDS ... pick one   
Archive: What is our place in the cosmos?  
New on the TED Blog: The Lonely Interplanet guide to scuba diving  
New: Blindfold origami, set to music  
New: Robert Lang says "Idea + square = origami" 
Quick Q: What's your favorite TEDTalks double feature? Rick Warren+Dan Dennett, Tony Robbins+Al Gore, Andrew Mwenda+Ngozi ...
New: Kwabena Boahen makes brains in silicon 
New TEDTalk: Kevin Kelly on the next 5,000 days ... 
New TEDTalk: Reed Kroloff on architecture 
NEW TEDTalks short: Marisa Fick-Jordan on art 
New TEDTalk: Jonathan Harris on collecting stories

New TEDTalk: Louise Leakey digs for humanity's origins 
New TEDTalk: Chris Abani: Telling stories of our shared humanity 
Martin Seligman asks, Why is psychology good? 
Just got 40 more edited MP3s posted to the site.
Our Twitter image is the wonderful Ben Dunlap: 
TEDTalks feed!
